KruzzzeR (R&C NL200 player): "Id say start as early as u can with solvers and study understand the game it will help u in the long run,u arent in the micros to beat the game u are in micros to practice and learn the game so thats what u should be doing there just practicing what u learned.Id go with most basic version of GTO wiz if u cant afford the expensive one yes...try to work with nodelocks once u get to 50NL its mega worth in the end.Hope this helps"

PlayitSmart poker: Advice for 10NL and 25NL players: Don't view poker time as most hourly profit, instead focus on increasing the level of skill and knowledge to execute basic winning strategies, I'm not playing to win money right now, but playing to learn how to make money in the long run. So not ask "did I win money this month" but "did I learn new concepts this month". Which hands go to which bucket. Try to play a winning 50k hands sample and only then move to 25NL. Play only one table of zoom, best focused poker without distraction, analyze spots after playing. If I'm not learning anything after each session I'm doing it wrong - at this stake it's not about the money it's about knowledge!! Not "I won 4 buy ins this week therefore it was a successful week" but "I learnt 4 new concepts this week therefore it was a successful week"

Danc:  I just don't think it's a good use of time to try and achieve a _very_ good winrate at an individual stake before moving up. Poker's not a video game. You don't need to beat the boss before moving on to the next level. And you don't get an achievement for it. Players are better at higher stakes, but they're not _that_ much better, and the stakes scale exponentially. It's probably about as easy to beat 50NL as it is 10NL but you make 5 times as much money. Let's say if you take a 2 buyin shot at 25NL: worst case, you're down 50 bucks (less than 4% of your bankroll) and you're back to playing the same stakes as before. But if it goes well, you could be up 250 bucks, which would be over a 15% interest in bankroll, and you're now able to sustain volume at 25NL, where your winrate is multiplied by 2.5! There's big exponential gains in earnings throughout your poker career by moving up as quick as you can (responsibly of course!)
