
5:21 Luke opens ThTc from LJ, BU 3-bets it to 6.5BBs, SB cold-call, Luke calls, pot is 20.7.
Flop 6d8h3h X/X BU bets 15BB into 20.7BBs,SB calls, Luke:"great. I can just check fold the flop here. Um what I was going to say is I expect they don't um slow down here. I think players are going to over fast play. So, a big um f a big fast multi-way bet is just a nightmare for pocket 10s. Just get out of there already. We'll come back to that hand.  Even if the SB had folded, I'm just folding there. Yes, we have back door straight. Yes, we're back door flush. But realistically, if we're if we're only aiming to draw to the back door straight, back door flush, back door quads, then we should just be folding.".

9:10 Luke 3-bets AcKh as sb vs HJ,HJ calls. 
Flop Tc8d6s, Luke checks and says:

 "Not my board. Uh, I don't block the ace 10 here. I'm going to be check folding this. I'm not giving up the hand. Well, I will be if he bets. I can do some stuff later on, but right now this is his situation. It's his board. He's in position. He can take it."
 HJ bets 4BB into 18.4BB, Luke:
  "Small sizing. Likely professional mcking.".
  
   
   
   Ace queen will be three betting. Yes, he stabbed very small fifth pot. I still think my hand is uh probably break even and I'm not going to play that marginal spot. I'd rather just check fold it. Blocking the jack twice is quite nice. Go with small bets. Fast call. Don't block the ace three now, which is a shame. I think I'll check. Have other hands to be using instead here. Just ace queen with a diamond, for example, would be better than this. Ace queen with the ace of hearts. Mix it up at this time with a 98. Big stab. Big big big stab. Not believing him as you can tell. Was I right? I was wrong. I was wrong but right. No, I wasn't. I was just wrong and wrong. I was lucky in the river. Um, yeah. Yeah, I didn't believe him. He was a very high V pip and I didn't think he'll bet that sizing with a nine. So, he's telling me he's got a strong jack, which I block with the queen jack, ace jack, blocker, um or a three. And I decided they don't have enough bluffs. Uh yes. Oops. How do I chat to people? Um here. I don't play GG much in my regular games, and the times I do, I don't usually chat to people. And I can't even Sorry, man. I can't even uh This is actually pretty thin on the river, by the way. This might be a mistake. You have to excuse me because I wasn't paying attention. Um, I can't see where the chat box is. So, uh, yeah, to you, um, you might see this video. I apologize. I'm not replying to you, but I'm trying to. I think this is a mistake on River, by the way. I think there's actually a check. This is for the video. Okay, good. So, it looks like I win. Oh, wow. Sorry that I couldn't reply to you. This is a This is definitely a donation. This is a very bad call. goes without saying, but I appreciate it. Hope you enjoy the videos. I'm glad that I was actually value betting that time. Otherwise, it would be a little bit tilted. Um, what's this guy? The big blinds looking like a bit of a tight player. What open big into him? Just try and This is This is the player to play against, right? Oh, wow. So, very fast three bet at equilibrium. Kings is a a mix between call and four bet. don't always have to four bets, but when he's snapped three bets to my big open sizing, he's very rarely going to be folding to my four bets, so I'll always do it. Oh, good fold. Trim one king. Um, fair enough. I didn't think I'd get many folds there to be honest. Mix it up half the time. Four bets call this time. Limping is going to be very capped at this limit in my opinion. Snap check. Okay. All right. I could be getting stacked here, but um I like my blockers of the king. And uh this is a very very very scary turn for him to deal with. So I'm just going to go for it. Start with the small bets. 53. You can see that my play does consist of some theory. You can see I'm thinking about blockers and positions and whatnot, but there's a lot of exploitative thoughts that are interlaced as well. I think that's the key to becoming a pretty good poker player is to enterain both. I'm going to check here with nothing and I'm going to bluff the river. This is a limped pot that I've uh rather a limp raise pot. So I can just have random 10 three off and 10 deuce off and all this junk. So I'd rather do that river. I don't think it makes too much sense to go for a huge bet. So I'm just going to go for a B70 here. I don't think this is actually going to be super successful. But his line's been very very capped. He's just limp called pre and then check called a small bet. So I don't think he's going to have so many easy defends in that situation. Snap check. I would usually bluff the spot enough a lot, but not with the king nine. King nine has got to be the most unattractive hand to bluff here. as he says that he's going to bet two and a half times the part of the river. He doesn't have a call here. Basically um he doesn't snap check the ace twice. He might snap check the flop. He doesn't snap check the turn. So if he's got a queen, he doesn't he doesn't call to that sizing. So again, you can see that there is some theory for my play because I know that he's quite capped on the turn. I'm still not going to bluff king nine though because it's just it's just too bad of a hand to bluff. But then there's a second data point which is that he snap check the turn and the ace completed. So I actually can now rip trips and I can do something exploitative. I don't think he bluffs the turn enough into me. So, I'm going to bet myself bet for whatever size in here. 40%. Hopefully, no folds and I will go for the check because that's the only way I get a lot of money in here. Io the uh And what you have king jack. Okay, fine. Interesting board. Let's check call it. He's a high V pip, low p5. has got a bunch of stuff that I'm beating. Testing. Okay, good. I am recording now. You know, it's completely uh unedited cuz I'm going to keep that in big sizing. Check. Cool. Hope he keeps on barreling. I am not showing this. He's got just too wide of a V VPIP. 45 VPIP. Just keep his bluffs in. Pretty great run out for me. Uh oh. [ __ ] me. Wow. Tilts. This is where we need to cope. I just say I'm glad this is NL25, not NL2K, cuz that would have been absolutely tilting if that was at NL2K. Uh, we'll check turn. This is a bad hand to continue. And we got showdown. How did a 45 VP bit player just go runner runner into nuts against my hand? Absurd. Uh, queen 10. So, this guy knows me. Uh, I think he's got a lot of boats with his sizing. Actually, I think there's a lot of traps. Yeah, I think. Yeah. Wait, whatever. I'm not folding still. Cool. Back door straight. Snap check. Easy bluff for me on flop. And I've always got the best hand here, it feels like. Now, do I go for a greedy three streets or do I check and call rivers and bet, check, bet? I guess I'll just bet, check, bet here. I'm going to go small cuz I think he's very capped. I called the fives because of the big blind recreational. Oh, this is kind of annoying cuz the five of clubs actually gets there. But then again, okay, so if I lose the hand, two things have happened. He's rivered pocket fives, which is very unlikely, or he's rivered a straight or flush that had no intention of betting flop cuz he snap checked and snap called, which means he snap check called a draw, which is unlikely. So therefore, I call and he's bluffing. So great. Um, thought process there. I think it was pretty clear is that he snap checked the flop and he snap called the flop. And his river story when he check raises river is he's rivered a straight or a flush which means we have to give him the straight draws and flush draws and flop which in my opinion is unlikely. Going to have to call here. Not thrilled about this spot but have to call. Also I should have raised pre. This is autopilot. I should always be squeezing pre against the short stack. This is a bad bad call from me. Uh yeah. Whoops. Let's see what happens. Do I get punished? Probably if he's checked the river. Oh, wow. I actually saved money. Okay, cool. Um, good call from me. Pretty flop apparently. Tag the short stack. Tag the short stack plus limper ISO. It's a very very loose ISO, but I will probably play well in position to them. I'll make the correct value bets, make the correct bluffs, make the correct folds hopefully. So, you can deviate a lot. I did say earlier that I'm going to try and play well pre flop, but hey, if I see a spot like this, I actually think you should ISO this as well if you play well post flop. This is easy call on river. Never fold river here. He's scrolling up. I'm still not folding. Very easy. Call and king eight. We're going to get involved. This is a theory play. Uh I probably should have sized up a bit pre flop. It's a bit loose. Let's say that I'm just not going to fold the mixes. It's a good way to go about it. More short stacking tagging getting infinite to one but still folding. Calling with this player behind me in the small blinds. Um also thinking a bit about the ace five where guy runner runners the uh jack 10. Still very happy with my line there by the You can see that I got him to put a lot of money in behind. And fortunately, he did river the nuts, but I'm still liking my line there. Going to block turn and bet. It's very unlikely I'm beat here with the way he's played the hands. So, think I just can go for an exploited bet twice. Small sizing is just to kind of make him suspicious of me. You can definitely size up there. It's not like that my small sizing is the only play. There's other options. So, a thought process that I like having when you lose a big hand is if you are put in the same situation. This person's avatar is horrendous. How do you block that one? Going to have to see that for the next hour. Fantastic. Um, folds and tag. Ironically, their bets probably fine, but still they're going to be short stacked and fishy. So I was speaking about yeah the was your line good? So when I lose a big hand I I think would I have done the same thing if I were given that spot again if I could go back in time without knowing what's to come. Would I do the same actions? And with the Ace5 I would I would raise pre I would check call flop. I would check call turn. And I would check call river. So therefore, if you would literally do the same thing again, then it's a little bit foolish to be frustrated about it. Of course, that's uh easier said than done, but it is a little bit of a way to deal with those losses. Very small SPR. I can just get the money in easily. I'm not going to shove turn. It's very hard to see a bad river with this hand, honestly. And I block his bluff. So, we'll just go again with the bets. I think I'll take some time just cuz I think he might be a bit more curious. Anyway, he doesn't fold enough here. Recreationals really don't like folding on these blank river cards. And cool. Ace8. We'll bet again here. Two3 turn. Two3 river. You can go bigger on turn. In fact, you're supposed to go bigger on turn, but I'm value betting. So, I exploitatively size down cuz I I think his range is exploitatively weak. So, I'll bluff for a big sizing. Oh, man. Probably not folding this, by the way. Um, I would bluff exploitatively big and then I would value 2/3. This is annoying because I have the eight blocker and I block A7, I block A6. It's not a particularly attractive bluff spot for him. I'm going to make a discipline fold. I think that's a bad call if I make it. My hand is fantastic to call. I'm still going to fold. Also, the eight nine of spades that I block there or the 8 n whatevers. uh pretty often bet the flop. It's a nice betting hand as is the A7 and A6. So yeah, I think I'm going to make a good lay down and not just level myself. Something I want to say as well is because this is going to be an hourong video, there's going to be a lot of comments about hands, why I did these things. Um as mentioned earlier in poking you can do a lot of different things and they can all be quite close. So, for example, there with the a with the ace eight, I bet 2/3, and I didn't explain the reason why I did it later on in the hand. And someone could say, why did you bet 2/3? Because you should bet bigger in theory. Just going to put a note on this player. This is an interesting line. I want to keep an eye on them. So, someone might comment on the Ace8 thinking, you should bet bigger. Why did you do that? Um, and they're right. I should, but the point I'm making is that I might not play perfectly in every situation. So, or there might be other reasons behind it that I didn't um go into at the time. So, yeah, don't look at my play so literally and uh you know, think that what I'm doing is the only option because there's definitely many other options you can do. This is an interesting spot with the queens. Uh by the way, call pre flop. Don't forget this hand at this stack depth. It's going to be just too much of a losing play. Uh tank check check back. Reason is I don't expect him to call down three streets. It's pretty hard to call down. Like he can have jacks occasionally, but also jacks is my bet. So by checking, I think I can actually allow him to make more mistakes. If I go bet shove, unless he heroic calls ace king, I think I actually run into too many traps. Uh now I'll definitely bet the turn. You're supposed to size down here. If you run this spot, you're actually supposed to block. And exploitatively, I actually think this works well as well. This is not a bad river at all. He very rarely has pocket 9ines. He very rarely has 78. He very rarely has diamonds. So whilst three hands got there that that I should be losing to, I'm not concerned at all. I think I've got a pretty easy bet here. going to take some time and then I'm going to go full pots because I think it might look a bit bluffy. And I'm just targeting ace king to make a big hero call. He's very often got ace king in this line. Ace king with a diamond, tens with a diamond. Okay. Well, he actually he does have nines. He's got tens, but still he doesn't have the seven eight in diamonds. It's very unlikely for him to have that. Jacks will definitely check. Snap bets. Not thrilling at all here. I get I get very good odds though. I need to only write I've got 20% odds to call. I think I have to make it lose to a queen. Yeah, fair enough. Remember that your odds on the on the turn are very good. So, I think a lot of players might think he's always got a queen without sizing. One, he doesn't always have a queen. You should not think in absolutes. That's something that I say very often in coaching is do not think in absolutes because you're playing a game of incomplete information. Especially in my situation, I don't know the player. He's not across from the table. At least he's across the hypothetical table, but I'm not literally seeing him across the table from me. So, I don't know who he is. I don't know how he's feeling. I don't know if he's just lost a big hand and I only need 20%. So do not think in absolutes. It's a big leak. They always do this. They never do that. In in truth is ironically never the case. It's always going to be partially true. Going to call here cuz it's actually short stack cuz I don't want to three bet this hand versus a wreck. This is a GTO three bet, but I don't like three betting versus recreationals. Uh, with this hand, the recreational was actually underfolded three bets. So, with a hand like this that wants a fold, I feel like I'm shooting myself in the foot little bits. We'll check. See his timing. We'll do the same trick from earlier here. I can't go too big cuz he does actually have a jack sometimes. So, I think we'll do something like 15. Cool. Tick fold as well. Nice to know. Next time, step one. No need to put three times the part of your tick check fold. Just put the minimum investment in knowing that it doesn't matter. Open and tag big blinds. Same player ticking check fold. Okay. Oh, cool. 108 could get interesting. Okay, block order those king 10 uh queen 10 jack 10 combos. We'll start with small bets. It's not an ideal turn. Calling king eight. Nothing else to do really. Chop with king 10, king nine. Now not folding river card. Not folding the river. We'll always be calling. He just randomly uh dons second pair there. bets twice. Not sure why he did that. Also not going to complain. Check. Very bad board for me here. really exaggeratedly long time and then bets a third pot. Okay, cool. That's a pretty good river. Quick 2/3. Wow. really feels like I'm beats. I've got to be right 30% of the time. Am I good 30% of the time here? I honestly don't know for the video. I call um objectively this might just be a fold because I block 8687 as bluffs. Yeah, this doesn't feel good. I will not call for the video. I should play good poker, right? You guys are watching me to hopefully play good poker. So, if I'm just making some stupid call for the video, it's it's it's pointless. Uh I think it is worth more to just make a good fold. Wow. Ace is infinitely deep here. We'll try and go for a big three bet regular. Uh so yeah, he he sizes down the turn uh and takes a long time about that as well. I'm not sure what that really means. And then on an ace, sizes up. Now, of course, you could think about it through the lens of an ace is a four straight. He might continue bluffing, but if you noticed, he sized up and bet very quickly. And usually if an ace comes on river and they size up and bet quickly, it's very often a good hand. It's not always a good hand. As we spoke about earlier, don't think it absolutes, but I don't think it's a bluff 30% of the time. So, I make a good fold there. At least I believe it's good fold. Interesting turn card. Going to start bluffing my hand here. All right, I'm all in. This doesn't make much sense. Don't think it needs to make much sense either. It'll just do well if you think about it. Unless I have exactly aces or ace jack and even then ace jack might not just go for the shove. But uh yeah, it's going to just do very very well. He snap checked and then he snap called. So he had no intention of bet. He had no intention of betting and then no intention of raising. Now sometimes they were actually thinking about betting but they snap checked to check raise. So the fast check in isolation is not a damning read. But when you compound the two together he didn't take any time and checked and then he didn't take any time and called. Then you know for sure that his hand is not very good because no one goes with the double trap there. They might go for the trap into check raise, but they won't drop in check call. So yeah, you just shove, you make money. I'm still going with my small three bets. It's what I like doing. This guy's a regular as well. Yes, I'm playing very deep stacked. It doesn't matter to me. I like doing my small three bets. Forces him into an awkward situation. He has to start defending all these random hands, which is quite annoying to him. We'll check call river here. Lots of random bluffs for him. Five. It's a fair price. Okay. I don't want to raise my hand there. I lose to queen 10. I lose to um king queen. I don't think he's going to be calling much worse. I don't think he sizes up the river with a If you think about it, the ace queen uh is the only kicker that plays there. If he's got ace jack, it's the same hand as ace deuce. So unless he's got ace queen, I don't think he's back calling the river. So yeah, I think I'd rather just call that spot. This guy is short stacked. Therefore, we're going to go for a small bet. Pay attention to his response. If he snap calls, I'm going to be barreling turn. If he folds, I'm going to win the hand. So against recreational, you get a lot of data points from them for free or for a very cheap price. professionals, especially at high stakes, don't give you that data um as much or as easily. But when you play low stakes, you just got to watch what they do, be curious about what they're doing, and you can read a lot into it. Double block the jack 10 here, which is nice. I'll check. Very good blockers to straight now. Going to bet small. I don't think he's got a jack too often. It's not impossible for him to have a jack here, by the way. I'm good. This is kind of a nonsense, but in theory, it doesn't make any sense, but I think he's quite capp. So, you can see that I know my play's bad in theory. In fact, part of being a good exploitative player is to understand the theory, to understand what should happen, and therefore when someone does something weird, you know, hey, that doesn't make much sense because the theory suggests this. So, ironically, you need to be playing pretty well in theory to actually be a good explosive player. I bet big here because this is the best way to put money in. I don't think it's a check raise. The ace queen ace queen six rainbow board. But again here, not too big. I don't want to scare him off with his uh random ace fives. I think if he had a six, he would lead. So I presume he's got some some worse ace here. Um and I'm just going to target that. Let's go with a 26. Big blind sizing. is hard to fold an ace at this point for him. And my kicker does play here just I'm not the only hand I lose to is actually ace jack. Uh ace queen would have usually raised the flop. Ace jack doesn't have to raise the turn. He still loses to aces and queens and jacks. Ace queen, king 10. Um and the six that rivered there, six of hearts, I think would lead the river or at least would think about leading. He's checked pretty fast, so I felt pretty safe about that. You can see how easily I chip up at these stakes. It sounds very arrogant saying that. I understand. Um, but really the way I came up the stakes. I played Zoom poker coming up the stakes from NL10 to NL500 Zoom back on Poker Stars when that used to run. And uh, yeah, it's all about chipping up. It's all about these small edges. I've got pretty decent stacks on two tables. And that's even losing the stack that I um had ace5 against that guy's jack 10. I've made some pretty nice calls. That was the um 85 where he check raise really really really big on the river and I said it didn't make much sense. I've made some nice folds as well. So it's about playing solids and understanding where you are. This guy is recreational. I like check raising my hand on flop actually as a nice bluff. some back doors, blockers and things. Block ace 10. Uh, it's a nice turn. It's hard for him to have a flush here when I've got the jack of hearts. Grow the half pot sile or two third sizing. Yeah, I can see myself doing this one. Back doors the flop with the uh flush and two pairs and straight draws and things would have been an interesting river. King three. Okay. DMMB SRP means doesn't make mandatory bluff in a single race pot. Should definitely bluff the river, but he didn't do it. Also, he opened king three off, but I missed that note. Is the guy professional or not? Yes. Guy's a nitty professional. How are we doing on time? 37 minutes. I I my hope for this video is to have someone um chill away to this video and and hopefully it's one of those situations where you watch for half an hour or 40 minutes, 50 minutes, and it feels like 20, if you know what I mean. Hopefully I can achieve that with this video. It's a very different format to my regular kind. I'm usually quite neurotic with all the small edits, small cuts, making sure everything sounds good, looks good, flow as well. But today, it's the opposite of that. We're just going for a very, very chill life play. Uh, this Ace King I was autopiloting busy talking about how I planned the video to be. Okay, I expect to either lose to an under pair or I'm going to check raise the river. I check shoving as well here. It's a very hard call for him. Wow. How you go really? Really? I feel like he knows my screen name cuz that's a really bizarre play, but it's also not bluffed. So, we'll just fold. Why would you bluff in that way? I don't understand. So, I'm not going to level myself. Just going to make it fold. Nothing more. It doesn't make sense, but you have to understand that it doesn't make sense exploitatively uh for him to bluff either. I don't think people stab half pot, check the five, and then over bet stab the river as a bluff. And there are some value hands that make sense like boats, for example, pocket sixes. He could uh check back with the boat trying to let me catch up. So, or he could just have a queen that feels very comfortable to value bets. So, yeah, I'm just not going to look into it. Sometimes things can feel off. It's up to you to figure out is it off in a weak way or a strong way? Cuz sometimes a strong looking play can be weak and sometimes weak-l looking play can be strong. So you got to figure out where you are. In that hand, that strong looking play to me ends up being very strong. Could be wrong, but that was my read. But that's not always the case. Like with the 85 earlier, it's a strong looking check raise that he made on the flush plus straight river. Yet I deemed it to be weak. Do I three bet call? I think I just call with this recreational behind me. Lead flop. Pay attention to his response. Okay, foot is fine. Never mind. I turned a boat there. I wish he had continued. Um, but if he snap calls, he doesn't have jacks and queens and kings, at least less often. Do you have to lead that spot on the flop? You don't. Is it terrible to lead? No. Is it terrible to check? No. Everything is is kind of okay. It's on the table. guy looks like a professional Okay, we'll call one street with the king n. I'm not too thrilled about this to be honest, but not going to fold just yet. Very easy fold and turn if he bets. Reason why I fold the turn is that he has to bluff pre flop. I don't think he's bluffing enough pre flop in order to bluff that board. So, I'm not going to fall for the bait. At least what I believe is a bait. Triango molto reduces seems better than raising. Interesting board here. King eight will mix it up raise this time. Deuces. I'm going to go for the bluff. I'm going to go for a big sizing. I block both ace deuces as well here with my suits, which is quite nice. Um, call definitely going to be This is going to be an all-in for me. Um, yeah, it's a really nice spot to be going for it. I wish I'd sizeed down the turn a bit, but whatever. Still a really really exceptional spot just a rep something quite strong there. Plus he snap caught the flop. If he had a good hand he would think about raising. Okay. Jack's in a dream. Okay. Well, we'll be raising it up. Damn it. Four bits. Seems bluffy to me. Don't know why. It just does. Think I'm getting a fold here. Actually, probably not. He would have folded already. It does fold. Good fold. Um, right. This guy is uh I should be following this one, right? Guys behind me can have something. Yeah. So, why did I think that was weak? Um firstly, what I'm going to say, don't take it so literally. I didn't know. It was just an instinct that I have or that I had. I I don't claim for that to be always right. It's not always going to be the case. Again, don't think in absolutes. Anyway, getting to it. The reason why I felt it was weak is that firstly, he's a professional. He looks a bit professional. Secondly, I've made a small three bet which might look weak to him. And thirdly, he took a long time. And fourth, he didn't go for a big sizing. So, he's a professional with a wide range. He took a long time before for betting. Some players would just snap for bet aces and kings. And he didn't go too big and were a bit deeper preop as well, if you didn't notice. So, I felt like that would wake him to more bluffs than aces and kings because he might size up or go with them faster. I am not through it about this, but I'm not folding just yet. I'm certainly folding the river though. 108 with an over bet here. I should have bet faster to be honest with you. This is not a great bluffing spot because he could just have a nine that um checks back flop with second pair of rivers and turn strips. Absolutely could have that. At the same time, I did have a legit bluff there with the gut shots. So that's the reason why I've done that. Hope you guys don't mind the tagging. This is hopefully good instruction for you because sure I won't play this board again. I probably will actually for the video. Um, but this is how I come at the stakes. Hopefully playing good poker and playing very, very, very attentively, watching what they're doing. I would say one of my biggest strengths as a professional is I am very very curious. I am not someone that autopilot. I've always been a very Wow, it's annoying. 38 VPIP, 30% three bet. Oh man, I want a call, but this is this is just probably just not a call, right? Yeah, just looks like ace king. I I need to see some random stuff. Maybe I am going to see random stuff, but I still think it's a fold. Uh kings, I just don't think the value is there to bet. And uh call nice hand. The ace is chopping here. So, if he's got ace jack or ace three or whatever, he doesn't want to bet cuz I can't call with a better ace or I can't call. Yeah, he doesn't beat my kicker. So, I think I'm going to see a lot of random aces that check the river there. This guy looks to be way too wide. Definitely be calling. Uh oh. Love you, Luke. and then uh call for bets. Uh we'll watch what happens. Definitely mark this guy. This guy should never check the flop with a good hand here. should always bet against the two recreationals. Nice bet. Um, squeeze it up with this king 10. Expecting this woman to be dead money here. Uh, he would definitely three bit versus the cutoff with a strong hand. You would want to isolate them. So, this looks to be a really free squeeze. Looks like I would have won the hand here. Um, I don't like ever folding this spot as button. If you've got kings or whatever, you should just Wow, I had queen 7 off. Gangster. Nice hand. Um, what was I saying? Oh, anyway, it doesn't matter cuz I was talking theoretically. The guy just had queen 7 off. Nice. This is a loose open with the A4. I saw eight VPIP on the big blind. I think for the most part I've been pretty in line pre flop. Um yeah, I don't think I've made too many adjustments. I think all my adjustments really have been post flop to be honest with you. I was speaking about how one of my strengths, yeah, I would say my biggest strength is that I'm very very curious. In fact, a lot of the time when I'm doing private coaching, it often at the end of the coaching course, it comes to the idea of someone being or aiming to be very very curious. Cuz I think when you're playing professional poker and you're playing against humans, humans make a lot of mistakes. It doesn't really matter what level you're playing. People just make mistakes. I should check this. Yeah. Um, people make mistakes all across the board. I've played up to NL20K online and even at those games, there are still players making mistakes. Everyone makes mistakes. Even the best in the world make mistakes. So, it's your job to be very, very, very curious and interested with what your villains are doing. What was their timing? What was their sizing? What do you think that means in relation to the situation? Because sometimes a fast big bet is weak and sometimes a slow small bet strong. It's really up to you to be a detective about everything and use your intuition because you are against humans. You're not against a machine. So your intuition is one of your, if not your most powerful tools. That being said, you should still try and learn the theory because it's a very good tool to exploit with. Okay, this is a pretty good turn. Generically good turn. He thought about leading here. Did you see his tank check there? It wasn't really a tank, but he thought about it. going to get a few less folds for that reason. But I have a really good draw, so I'm going to go ahead and bet it. But this uh if you watch back the video there, you'll notice here he called the flop and then he saw the seven and he didn't snap check. He thought about it for maybe 1.5 seconds. Usually that 1.5 seconds is an indicator that they saw the turn and liked it and maybe went to bets, maybe didn't go to bets, but there was a consideration from them. And in online poker, that is always quite strong because the times they don't connect with the turn, they just snap check because they didn't consider anything. This is not a good board for me. This guy's also a fan of the channel, so we need to uh we need to be careful. I expect he has no checks on turn now. He's always going to bet 4x 2614. So, he's some kind of recreational. Okay. So, against this, I'm just going to call. Actually, 4x is usually very strong. And yeah, I'm going to proceed with caution. Four. Call seems like a fair price. If he checks, I'm definitely checking back here. This guy was wanting to vape up every hand. Okay, so we have uh we have to pay attention now. This is a little bit worrying. 1160. Okay, I think we definitely come over the top here. We going to have a four-way all in? I don't think I can call. So, I'm calling I cover everyone obviously. Um I'm calling 80 for 400. I need only 20% equity here approximately. Uh I'm not calling. I I'm calling 80 into 300. So, I need like what 27% equity or something. I doubt I've got that. I have not got against those two hands, that's for sure. No. 10. Oh, he gets bad beat as well. Jack. I would have beat him though. All right. 98 three bet got call checking. Sorry, I was autopiloting there. I was paying too much attention to this hand. Snap check. All right. So, this this is now just mine. This pot is absolutely my hand. Snap check is good. Snap check is good. I'm not saying it's impossible for them to call the turn, but they're not going to call the river. That's an annoying river card, but they don't really have many fives. Let's face it. So, we'll just go with uh 51.2 10 blinds more than the pot. It's going to get a lot of folds. It's very unlikely for them to have a five here. I do block the folding range. Nines and eights. Don't care. Still think that bet looks strong. Sometimes what you need to do, this is a particularly at a low stakes, is you need to care less about your story, so whether or not your story makes sense, and more about just scaring the living crap out of them. Because sometimes all you've got to do is scare them. And sometimes scaring them is just by betting or raising really, really big. And that will do the job done. They won't think about it so objectively. They're just so busy being scared that They click fault before they work out that it doesn't really make much sense. This is weird. Um I bet he check calls leads big. I don't know what that means. I've got a pretty bad hand to call with. I do block 108 if he's ever got that. I block a load of random bluffs. But moreover, it's just Yeah, it doesn't really make any sense. Uh looks to be professional, but yeah, I'm just not folding my hand here. What do you have? Fives. Okay, it makes sense. I don't know if they're professional or a fish because they've got really reggy stats, but at the same time it's such an absurd play. Maybe a fish rag. Uh yeah, I'm not I'm not going to be folding that. It just doesn't make sense for them to check call lead big. Okay, sure. They had pocket fives. That's kind of what they're telling me. I only need to be right like what? 30 odd% of the time, 39% of the time, 37% of the time approximately. So he's got to have pocket fives really often for my core to be not winning there. Provided I don't see random other hands like random ace tens, random set of deuces, whatever the flop was. I don't think I do. I think people wouldn't go with a check call and then lead big. It doesn't really make any sense. Uh and also ace 10 may not go so big on the eight pair. So yeah, he really only reps pocket fives there. That's why I like the call. This eight just fold. I guess got some equity but not enough facing a UTG range from a supposedly tight player and betting half pot. Um, this actually leads me to a next discussion. Um, we started the session pretty hot, if I can say say that. We had a few good hands, made a few good reads, played a few good pots, and then um I feel like for the last 10 minutes or so, it's been a bit dry. You can actually see I've got the ice cube um graphic here, which signals that we're running a bit cold. Think we're definitely up for the session. Maybe not. Actually, we lost the A5 into Jack 10. Uh, so maybe we're not winning. Although that's is a complete caller, so you really shouldn't consider callers. Anyway, um online poker is a marathon, not a sprint. So, I sat down, I won every hand. I was pretty happy. And now it's not going so good. And I'm still happy, right? I'm still happy. I'm still playing poker. Life is still good. I don't take the last 20 minutes or 15 minutes personally. I understand that's part of the grind. So try not to be. So I guess what I'm saying here is if you're someone that is affected by how your session's currently going, try not to be. Try to be that's a nice term. Try to be understanding that this is a long run for you, not a game of 20 minutes at a time. Uh this is going to get a lot of folds. At the same time, I've got a raise. I've got the nuts. So yeah, it's just one of those situations. I'm not going to shove because I think shoving gets way too many folds here. Uh I'm just going to go B70 and then probably size up a bit. Let's say 49 and get a bunch of hopefully crying calls from A6. Cool. Um yeah, I expect the halfp pot turn is going to be quite capped. I can definitely check race turn shove river as a bluff. At the same time, I do need to watch over valley raise there cuz he's going to check back the river too much. So, it's one of the few times that I'm going to put my bluffs and value in the same decision on the turn. I kind of have to. I'm bluffing cuz I expect him to hold the river and I'm value raising cuz I expect him to not put enough money in on the river himself. So, yeah, in any case, I'm bumping the pot for two different reasons. Going to go for a large three bet here. He's probably opening too wide into a short stack. big blinds and he might be professional. Looks to be one. So yeah, probably going to get uh too few for bets and too many opens. Makes four issues an okay play in my opinion. Going to go for a check and pay attention to what happens. It's not ideal. 1891. Yeah, double gut shots. Get a bit big twice. Okay, what we're going to do here is bet a third pot and I'm going to presume he would raise hearts. So, if he doesn't raise me here, he's going to fold the river. If he folds the turn, that's great. I actually wasn't really betting on him folding turn, but obviously that's part of the game as well. This is not a play. I'm going to do it anyway. Um, I need to see his response. If he snap calls my raise, I'm going to bomb the turn because he's not got a queen is kind of what I'm hoping on. See what they do. Very wide player apparently or their four hands. Nothing to take into account. Uh, great because they don't really have many flushes. Going to bet turn bet river here. Didn't even get a chance to bet the river. Interesting. Going to pots. If you actually run this in a solver, the pots are pretty good size. You also you can go 2/3 as well. People think of this board as a range bet for a small sizing, but it's not supposed to be. You can exploitively range bets, but in theory, you're supposed to size up to 2/3, if not pots. Um, I think I'll just go for a small bet on turn here. Fifth pot. I expect him to check the turn too much, so I need him to put money in with like king queen or something. Flustrils going to lead. This is not ideal here, but uh yeah, I think I'm just shoving. I don't see why I wouldn't be. He can also still bluff with a hand like king queen. If he does call, I've got equity. Queen 10, queen of clubs. That's a really bad hand to see. Run it once for the video. Try and double up. Nice hand. I lead here with some back doors against a likely recreational player because he's short stacked. Uh yeah, I don't mind the A5 there. He can have bluff still. He can have like random king queens that has top pair, sees a terrible turn, sees a small size, you can turn himself into a bluff. And look, I've got top pair with a flush draw. It's not going to be the worst player in the world. All right, guys. I've just realized I've been recording for an hour and 2 minutes. So, we'll play the last orbit. Hope you guys have enjoyed. If you did, please do leave the video a like. I probably should have asked for that a bit earlier. It's been a whole hour. Maybe no one's watching by now, but yes, if you did enjoy the video, please leave the video a like and subscribe to the channel if you haven't done so already. Going to probably play an interesting hand here to finish up the 98. We'll start with a half pot bet and we'll proceed from there. Snap calls seven. I'm not sure what I want to do on the turn here. Jack 21.7. Okay, I'm checking the check here. The problem is there's a lot of ace 7, ace9. Oh, wow. Okay, I think I'm shoving here. It's very unlikely for him to call me. Yeah, this is such a good bluff spot. Such a good bluff spot. Um I rip a 10 and uh I get I get to fold an ace. So, I think the spot's good. Um here, admittedly, I did not see this guy stack. I've completely lost stats. um detail. I think we're going to call here and hope to hit some equity, otherwise fold. So, I called this guy squeezes and then it goes call and then lead. Yeah, this is a dumb situation for sure. Um if I'm behind, I've only got 5%. If I'm ahead, I'm pretty far ahead. Uh I lose like random pocket eights and stuff as well. Yeah, it's like there's going to be spaz factor in there, but he looks to be pretty tight of a 20 hand, so I don't think the spaz factor is there. So, we'll give it to him. Um, yeah, I wasn't paying attention. Preop I called because of the uh big blind who was a high V pip, but yeah, then after that I auto piloted. Oh, splash pots exist. We haven't seen even one of them. Okay, 10 blinds in the middle. Ace4 seems pretty good. I think I'm shoving this. I'm only playing 100 blinds now, so I think I'm going to be in there. You guys can tell me if I'm wrong. I have no idea about splash pots. I play bomb pots, but I don't play splash pots. Um, this honestly ace suited ace. I mean, it's basically the nuts. What's the worst that could happen? Oh, that doesn't seem like the best the worst option. Nice. So, I'm very surprised that I got dealt into a splash pot there cuz I must have played like 500 hands and I didn't even see one of them before that. Okay, guys. Hope you guys have enjoyed. I'll um check up the graph on screen if you are interested. And if you'd like to see more of these, leave a comment down below and like the video and I'll be sure to make more of these in the future at different stakes, higher stakes, lower stakes. Let me know mainly if you enjoyed the vibe of the video. The idea of this was it for it to be a chill one take um video of me playing poker. So, let me know if you enjoyed. Thanks for watching. Take care.