Weekly targets were:
Study poker: Minimum 5 hours  Target 7 hours  Outrageous - 10 hours
Actual: Study poker- 5  hours (Minimum exactly).

Targets for this week:
Study poker: Minimum 5 hours  Target 7 hours  Outrageous - 10 hours



After watching some play and explains I’m trying to be more aggressive in a logical way. 
Since absolute beasts do read this blog sometimes and  comment here are my micro-stakes player's thoughts:

 I open range as sb vs a nit bb, and range BU against super nits sb+bb.
I also expand my range (but it's not a range open) if either sb/bb is a nit
I 3-bet almost any playable hand/blocker hand late vs late if his ATS is high (40-45). Postflop, I find that too much of the time bet size equals hand strength. And finally, I range c-bet flop IP SRP almost all textures.


Here are two hands where I went off the rails with my aggression:


https://gg.gl/sjeu1
I opened 84s as BB is a clear nit with 4% 3-bet and low vpip and ATS (I think that this is good in theory as 84s is losing 0.04 BB in theory with a 2.5BB open and against a GTO (non-nit) BB so winning for sure when BB is a nit and i open to 2BB).
SB 3-bets.
 I made a mistake and decided to 4-bet since the stats of sb were 14% 3-bet 50%ATS 

I think that people who 3-bet as much as GTO or more, will fold a ton late vs late, as they should have continue with suited connectors and 5-bet jams bluffs like suited aces that they won’t find.
This led to this punt-in-theory preflop, with a hand that has minimal playability. I think that this is too wide and next time I should prefer at least some hand with blockers/more playability postflop like KJo/suited connectors (but otherwise I think widening my 4-bet range vs very aggressive players is fine unless they actually find 5-bet jams bluffs).

 Rest of the hand is straightforward,funny and a surprising showdown.


https://gg.gl/rfc1f
In this hand, I shoved river since on the flop he tanked, and I don’t think that a flush draw tanks on the flop very often(it's not impossible as he could think if he should raise with nut flush draw but I think fd is just less likely overall). So even though my value range on the river is super narrow (KK probably can only bluff catch there), I thought he would find the fold with most of his range. 


It's funny but i like my shove in the second hand in which i lost my stack more than i like my 4-bet in the first hand in which I won over a stack and a half :P