Study poker targets were: Minimum 7 hours Target 10 hours Outrageous - 14 hours Actual: 9 hours (almost target)

### Found a mentor!
Well, TBH he found me after I've asked a 200NL R&C pro questions on his discord :)
I'm so happy that someone who is making a living from R&C will guide me. He has already pointed out a serious flaw in my game that costs me a ton of money (specifically, I call too much vs 3-bets,maybe it's because I'm addicted to flopping sets?), and pointed me to resources that take time to digest but address my specific weakness. 

### Building my preflop game
While I like to play dynamic ranges (eg, I believe for example that a 3-bet by a nit with 4% eb over 500 hands should be treated differently than a 3-bet by a reg with 12% 3-bet, even my RFI range should change based on table's composition), I'm developing now a solid preflop base plan that I will consequently (after he approves it) study by heart. What I do know is that it's not only that GTO is very hard to follow even preflop, it's not the most profitable strategy.
I'll develop a basic plan that is both simple to follow, and is more profitable than GTO.




### Account balance
is at an all time high of $2,020 (plus $600 in tickets, eg 4 tickets to the $150 weekly masters), but this is because I've won another $60 from the freerolls (and another ticket as well) and not because of winning at R&C (I think that I've lost some even after rakebase, but I'll share the full stats/graphs at the end of the month).
To be totally honest, I was running well and should have been winning, but a serious mental leak prevented me from winning. To be very specific:

### A mental leak I have


### This week's goals

Study poker targets: Minimum 7 hours Target 10 hours Outrageous:14 hours
I want to finish building my solid preflop ranges for all formations and start grinding them until I can reproduce those if you wake me up from sleep
