Study poker targets were: Minimum 7 hours  Target 10 hours  Outrageous - 14 hours
Actual: 9.5 hours

While I kept my study habit intact, this week sucked because I felt bad for 2 days...
Also ran my AA into KK again(!):
https://gg.gl/gvozj
This is literally the second time in a row that I have AA vs KK all in preflop, run it twice, and lose both runouts. You might think I'm playing so much that I'm getting AA vs KK all the time, but nope, those are the last two times I had AA vs KK in general (see the previous time on  last week's blog). WTF are the odds of that happening. 
Whatever. My mindset is that when my bankroll will be 500,000$ (which it will be), I won't give a fuck about losing those 20$ or whatever it was. All I'll care about is playing well.

Bankroll did go up to $1960 despite running bad in R&C (or not playing well or both?), as I've made the prize of $75 in the $10 road to WSOP tournament. I got all those $10 tournament tickets for free from the promotion, but I'm doing TOO well there, out of 13 tournaments (about 10% are ITM) i was 4 times in the money (so $75 prize plus 3 $150 tickets won).

That's right, about 30% ITM(!).
Of course I'm running hot there, but the level of competition isn't high. While I've seen some players who made 6 million dollars playing on my table, there are wtf hands like this one:
https://gg.gl/cllrw
Anyways, those tournaments are so soft that maybe buying those $10 tickets might be worth it for me :P Meh, first I REALLY want to beat Rush&Cash. 

I found out that GTOW opened one board texture for everyone to play with their AI tool.
Before paying that scary amount of $, I will play around with the tool on that wet and dynamic board, so I'll know if, by using this tool, I can answer the many questions I have when I usually look at solvers output (what if different size bet? What if this hand class acts differently? etc etc). And become more proficient using their tool, and then based on that make up my mind if I want to subscribe. Is it weird that I'm as excited for this as a child who got a new toy? :D


Study poker targets: Minimum 7 hours  Target 10 hours  Outrageous - 14 hours