There's an opening range in GTOW, why would I change my opening range?

If I didn't study GTO yet, chances are that I'm opening too tight (NL50 population opens too tight everything but UTG). Small adjustments matter: If I manage to steal the blinds just 2 more times in 100 hands vs nits in the blinds, that's a gain of +3BB/100 already - a small change with a big payoff.

### Why frequencies matter
Knowing GTO frequencies helps me identify when players deviate - whether they are too tight or too loose compared to GTO => to exploit the field effectively, I need to know what GTO looks like, only then I can spot and punish deviations.

### What affects my opening frequency
Let's take BU as an example. I need to consider:
1. sb's 3-bet frequency vs GTO
2. Does sb have a flatting range?
3. is BB 3-betting more or less compared to GTO?
4. Is BB defending more or less compared to GTO?

Population data at NL50-ggpoker:

| SB vs BU | 3-bet | Call | Fold  |
| -------- | ----- | ---- | ----- |
| GTO      | 15.1% | 0%   | 84.9% |
| NL50     | 11%   | 9.5% | 79.5% |

I have to figure out how to deviate, because the strategy of GTOW is designed against the GTO sb and GTO BB's strategies, and so isn't optimal vs those ranges

| BB vs BTN | 3-bet | Call  | Fold  |
| --------- | ----- | ----- | ----- |
| GTO       | 14.2% | 29.7% | 56.1% |
| NL50      | 9%    | 30%   | 61%   |
The adjustment for those players- BU should be opening 70% of his hands.

Overall 3-bet frequency in NL50 R&C is 8.4% , GTO is 10.6% => they 3-bet in general about 20.75% less than GTO. Therefore, I can open wider from any position.

| GTO-3bet | SB    | BU    | CO    | HJ    | UTG  |
| -------- | ----- | ----- | ----- | ----- | ---- |
| BB       | 17.2% | 14.2% | 9.8%  | 7.2%  | 5.6% |
| SB       | X     | 15.1% | 11.2% | 9.2%  | 8%   |
| BU       | X     | X     | 14.1% | 11.7% | 9.8% |
| CO       | X     | X     | X     | 10.9% | 9.6% |
| HJ       | X     | X     | X     | X     | 9%   |
And now this is the population's 3-bet 

| NL50 | SB  | BU  | CO  | HJ   | UTG  |
| ---- | --- | --- | --- | ---- | ---- |
| BB   | X   | 13% | 9%  | 6.3% | 4.7% |
| SB   | X   | X   | 11% | 8.7% | 6.4% |
| BU   | X   | X   | X   | 11%  | 8.3% |
| CO   | X   | X   | X   | X    | 8.1% |
| HJ   | X   | X   | X   | X    | 7.1% |
All across the board, they 3-bet much less than GTO (20-30% less per position), so I shouldn't continue vs their range like GTO does continue against GTO, but continue tighter.

| BB's defense | SB    | BU    | CO    | HJ/LJ |
| ------------ | ----- | ----- | ----- | ----- |
| GTO          | 41.3% | 29.4% | 30.4% | 40.5% |
| NL50         | 33%   | 30%   | 31%   | 32%   |

Also, BB defend much tighter in the games (in relation to how much GTO defends) so I should open wider. 


Which open-raise size should I use?

|                          | 2BB-BU | 2BB-SB |
| ------------------------ | ------ | ------ |
| BB's fold frequency-GTO  | 32%    | 14%    |
| BB's fold frequency-NL50 | 50.5%  | 38%    |


Actually, the true max-exploit for sb opening 2bb is to open 100% of the hands (and when opening 3BB open about 91% of the range).

Even though the sb,bb and bu 3-bet tighter than GTO, because they flat a lot, from the CO I actually need to play tighter than GTO and open only 29% of my hands(!)

## Conclusion

1. My win rate doesn't come from setups like AA vs KK but from small,repeated edges.
Gaining 1BB by stealing the blinds, or by folding to a nit,  adds up quickly
These small details are what make my win rate explode over the long run
2. Population 3-bets about 20% less than GTO- this means that I can open looser and steal the blinds more often
3. But they flat way more than GTO - so if I'm playing in CO/HJ/LJ and they are more likely to flat, then I should play tighter than GTO.
4. The BB doesn't defend enough - and since the BB under-defends, this incentivices me to open wider. The BB does the most mistakes vs a 2BB open from BU/SB so therefore- I should open to 2BB from all positions to exploit that leak.
5. Adjustments by position: Open wider from BU/SB... GTO suggests playing super loose from those positions, but in order not to get exploited myself (even the nits will adjust if they see me with K4o at showdown) I need to exploit without being obvious about it. So use *Dynamic ranges*, or in other words, adjust based on who is at the BB/SB/BU. For example, when there are nits in the blinds open wide, and then when there are aggressive regs in the blinds, open tighter than GTO (they will think, based on my stats, that I'm opening wider than I should, but specifically against them I will open tighter than GTO). If there's a fish who flats a lot on the BU, then I won't open marginal hands like Q5s/K9o.
To adjust effectively with dynamic ranges, I need to take a lot of notes, and mark people as nits/people who 3-bet a lot/people who flat a lot


### Extra: how to do it in practice
Before playing Rush and Cash, for a few minutes (5-10), go over opponents in the pool and mark people, for example is I see someone with 18/15/2 after 150 hands, he's a nit ,Another guy is 200 hands 33/21/16-aggressive 3-bettor, 346 hands 18/13/6 - a nit. 

Then I adapt my preflop range based on the table's composition thanks to the notes I've taken before the session (and during the session)


