Actionable to myself: 
Think how I want to construct a linear 3-bet range in each configuration

Overall 3-bet frequency in NL50 R&C is 8.4% , GTO is 10.6% => they 3-bet in general about 20.75% less than GTO. 

| GTO-3bet | SB    | BU    | CO    | HJ    | UTG  |
| -------- | ----- | ----- | ----- | ----- | ---- |
| BB       | 17.2% | 14.2% | 9.8%  | 7.2%  | 5.6% |
| SB       | X     | 15.1% | 11.2% | 9.2%  | 8%   |
| BU       | X     | X     | 14.1% | 11.7% | 9.8% |
| CO       | X     | X     | X     | 10.9% | 9.6% |
| HJ       | X     | X     | X     | X     | 9%   |
And now this is the population's 3-bet 

| NL50 | BB  | SB  | BU  | CO   | UTG+HJ |
| ---- | --- | --- | --- | ---- | ------ |
| BB   | X   | 13% | 9%  | 6.3% | 4.7%   |
| SB   | X   | X   | 11% | 8.7% | 6.4%   |
| BU   | X   | X   | X   | 11%  | 8.3%   |
| CO   | X   | X   | X   | X    | 8.1%   |
| HJ   | X   | X   | X   | X    | 7.1%   |
All across the board, they 3-bet much less than GTO (20-30% less per position).
I can use GTOW to learn GTO ranges, and Hand2note to have my own stats (as well as population's stats).

If I hadn't studied/implementing GTO-ranges, there's a high chance I'm playing too tight.
But, is it actually a mistake? We will discuss that in this chapter.

Factors that affect my 3-bet strategy:
1. Is my opponent opening wider or tighter than GTO? Wider=I can 3-bet more
2. Is my opponent 4-betting enough or rarely? If they don't 4-bet enough, I can get away with more bluffs
3. Is my opponent calling 3-bets often or folding too much?
4. Will I be in position or out of position?

Those are the population's open stats vs GTO:

| Open raise frequencies | UTG   | HJ  | CO  | BU    | SB    | Overall |
| ---------------------- | ----- | --- | --- | ----- | ----- | ------- |
| GTO                    | 19.5% | 24% | 30% | 42.5% | 43.5% | 31.9%   |
| NL2                    | 18%   | 20% | 24% | 35%   | 35%   | 26.4%   |
| NL50                   | 19%   | 21% | 26% | 38%   | 39%   | 28.6%   |
Since they open a tighter range than GTO (especially from BU and SB), I have less fold equity against them

Now let's look at their response vs a 3bet:

| vs 3bet | Call   | Fold   | 4-bet  |
| ------- | ------ | ------ | ------ |
| GTO     | 19.8%  | 62.7%  | 17.5%  |
| NL50    | 34.5%  | 51%    | 14.5%  |
| NL2     | 32.75% | 53.25% | 14.25% |
And here are the GTO & NL50 stats per position vs a 3B:
Start with GTO's response (call % /fold %/ 4bet %)

| GTO | SB       | BU       | CO       | UTG      |
| --- | -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- |
| BB  | 20/60/20 | 33/55/12 | 33/57/10 | 32/60/8  |
| SB  | X        | 35/53/12 | 35/51/14 | 42/42/16 |
| BU  | X        | X        | 24/55/20 | 19/55/26 |
| CO  | X        | X        | X        | 22/58/22 |
| HJ  | X        | X        | X        | 27/56/17 |


And now this is the population's response to a 3-bet by position:

| NL50 | SB       | BU       | CO       | UTG      |
| ---- | -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- |
| BB   | 27/58/15 | 29/61/10 | 36/53/11 | 40/46/14 |
| SB   | X        | 31/57/12 | 39/49/12 | 46/42/12 |
| BU   | X        | X        | 37/45/18 | 44/40/16 |
| CO   | X        | X        | X        | 44/40/16 |
| HJ   | X        | X        | X        | 46/38/16 |
All across the board, they 3-bet much less than GTO (20-30% less per position), so I shouldn't continue vs their range like GTO does continue against GTO, but continue tighter.

Conclusion from the above charts:
1. Population open tighter than GTO
2. Population calls wider than GTO vs a 3-bet
3. Population 4-bets tighter than GTO


He ran the simulation in simple preflop, and if those assumptions hold, then we should 3-bet TIGHTER than GTO.

a few examples:

1. from BU vs CO we should be 3-betting about 13.61% but with the assumptions we 3-bet only 10.48%!! 
2. CO vs HJ, GTO is about 10.2% 3-bet but with the assumptions that they open tighter than GTO, and then call a lot more and not 4-bet as much as GTO, we should only 3-bet 8.31%(!!). 
3. When we play as BU vs UTG we actually 3-bet a very similar range to GTO (they don't open tighter, they open close to GTO frequency from this position).

Also, the 3-bet range is very linear. Much less (if any!) suited-connectors/suited aces.
a few examples OOP:

1. As SB vs CO, if GTO is 3-betting 10.85%, against their tight open+calling more etc, we want to 3-bet only 7%(!) as sb, and again way more linear
2. as BB vs SB, under population assumptions, simple preflop suggests to 3-bet 77%(!!!).
	This is because,despite the sb opening tighter than GTO, has enough shitty hands, and while he does call a lot, he doesn't 4-bet enough so I will play in position. Nevir says that while he doesn't suggest to actually 3-bet 77% of my range, I should be 3-betting wider than GTO.
Another spot that we can 3-bet wider than GTO, is BB vs BU. Against the population's strategy of opening tighter than GTO as BU,call as much as GTO, fold a bit more, and 4-bet much less, simple preflop recommends to 3-bet or fold (3 bet 58% of my range and fold the rest). Nevir is saying that I shouldn't play like that as people are going to notice, but I should 3-bet more than GTO.

Nevir has a good idea of how GTO looks like and then in real time he adjusts, so for example if he knows that A5o is 3-betting sometimes and calling sometimes as BB vs BU, he 3-bets it pure (unless he has some reads on BU that makes him different than population)

Therefore, why we can't exploit 3-betting a lot? They do 4-bet less.
Well, they open tighter (so less weak hands) and call more, so we can't really exploit them by 3-betting wide. 

Adjusting my 3-bet range:
I should favor linear range, which has playability postflop, over blocker type of hands. 
So JTs over KQo. I don't care about blockers as much, because population doesn't 4-bet a lot anyways.

General adjustment: 
I should 3-bet less than GTO, and 3-bet more linear
Notable exceptions:
BB vs BU, BB vs SB