1 – Intro to Preflop

→ You're going to have to spend a lot of time studying GTO preflop ranges on GTO Wizard by yourself.  
It sucks, it's boring, but your winrate will thank you later.

2 – Open Raise Range

→ The population doesn't 3bet enough, so you should increase your opening frequency, especially from CO, BTN, and SB.  
→ You can open 2bb from any position, even from BTN and SB, as the BB will massively overfold and under3bet against this sizing.

3 – 3Bet Range

→ The population tends to:  
- open too tight - not fold enough vs 3bet - call too much vs 3bet - not 4bet enough vs 3bet

→ As a result, you should 3bet tighter than GTO, and with a more linear/merged range. Since people don’t 4bet enough and call too much, you don’t need blockers, you want hands with good postflop playability.

→ The only spots where you should 3bet wider than GTO: - BvB (Blind vs Blind)  
-BBvsBTN  
- vs players with high ATS (attempt to steal)

4 – Versus 3Bets  
→ The population under 3bets, so you'll have to overfold compared to GTO.

→ But since they play so poorly against 4bets, you'll also need to increase your 4bet frequency. → Ideally, try to stick to a 4bet or fold strategy, especially when OOP (unless you have strong

postflop reads).

Spots where you should 4bet the most:

vs aggro regs:

- SB vs BB's 3bet  
- BTN vs SB's 3bet - CO vs SB's 3bet - CO vs BTN's 3bet - HJ vs BTN's 3bet

vs fish + nits:

-BTN vs SB’s 3bet -BTN vs CO’s 3bet

5 – BB Defense Strategy  
→ You need to understand how open raise sizings affect your BB defense strategy:

- BB vs 3bb open from UTG → 13% call
    
- BB vs 2bb open from UTG → 37% call
    
    → Check out the materials from my “Big Blind Defense” video to access my simplified preflop ranges.