# Introduction to POSTFLOP

## What's our goal when studying POSTFLOP?

Our goal when studying postflop is to simplify our strategy as much as possible so that it is easy to remember and execute. We will therefore determine the theoretically optimal single sizing for each type of board. We will aim to simplify both the frequencies and the combo selection for each action.

## People's biggest mistakes when studying GTO:

- they want to memorize all the frequencies and combos in any spots whereas you should always try to have an overall idea of what you should do and find heuristics.
- they only focus on their own strategy whereas we should always focus on our opponent's strategy.

## Let's see how to use GTOwizard:
First, always pick one/two bet sizing for the flop/turn
Second, have a general idea of how to play, the specific combos are not important (eg why bluff with K8o and not K7o - meh).
Thirdly- look at how GTO responds, and think if my opponents are playing like that. For example, are they raising their gutshot/backdoors as much as GTO? If not, how should I adjust? If villian overfolds and doesn't X/R enough, I should bet a lot more on that flop. Yes, I don't have access to nodelock yet, but I can eyeball the BB's strategy and ask myself, does the population play like that? No? So I can deviate. In the video, Nevir nodelocked the villian x/r a little bit less and calling a little bit less, and c-betting frequency went up from 66% to 80%.

Nevir went to another flop, and again looked at the villian's response to a bet, and asked what is villian going to do for different hands, and estimated he's going to overfold ("he's going to fold a bit too much and x/r a bit too litte"), but for that board (Jd9d5h) villian isn't going to deviate too much from GTO.
The main point which Nevir showed is, have an overall idea of how I should play, how villian should react, then,based on my understanding of the players I'm playing against, how should I deviate.