Actionable for myself: Take different board textures, again and again, and ask what sizing and frequency I should bet given this texture as 3-bettor in position. After I get acquainted with this, guess the response of the caller. 
Bonus: If the caller's response is not natural, then nodelock something more natural to population and then see how the IP player strategy changes.

In this section we will learn how to play 3-bet pots in position in theory, and in the next section (2.3) how to exploit.

# How to play 3bet Pots IP in theory

_(You can study postflop theory using GTOwizard but you need a subscription)_

If you have not studied postflop theory, you're probably doing these mistakes in 3bet pots:

- range 1/3 on every texture even OOP

→This is a mistake because you will overfold against raises on the flop (you shouldn't be betting for a small size on many spots)

→Your range on the turn will be weak and you won't be aggressive enough

→You let your opponent realize his equity too easily.

- a second mistake that you probably do is bet big on drawy textures (J98fd) for protection and small on dry textures (T42r)

## 3bet pot BTN vs CO 100bb deep:

| Board Type                             | Sizings | BET frequency |
| -------------------------------------- | ------- | ------------- |
| A high boards                          | 1/4     | 48-100%       |
| K high board                           | 1/4-1/2 | 100%          |
| Q high boards                          | 1/4-1/2 | 55-90%        |
| J high boards                          | 1/4-1/2 | 70-100%       |
| T high boards                          | 1/2-2/3 | 80-100%       |
| Low disco boards (953r 842r 855r 622r) | 2/3     | 50-65%        |
| Low connec boards (985fd 743fd 654fd)  | 1/4-1/2 | 0-20%         |
Remarks:
K-high monotone boards are NOT bet at 100% frequency (about 50% for some boards)


To study the different boards, he just changed the textures and tried to guess the c-bet sizing and frequency, at the "simple" strategy. The "simplified" strategy sucks for studying purposes, as it is always B50 or checking, there are no different bet sizing.

## Why is it a mistake to bet big on drawy board and small on dry board?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J_J60Usgo1E


The reason why we should actually bet big on dry boards and small on drawy boards is simple and can be found by answering to 2 questions.

**1-Am I betting polarized or range on this texture?**

**2-If I bet big with AA, am I happy to get called?**

1-To answer this first question, just visualize your range and ask yourself "Do I have any medium strength hands that still want to bet for value/protection here?"

**-KQ2r:** I can bet AQ JJ for a small size and get called by worse like AJ AT JT T9 TT 99 (...) and also deny some equity to low PP and A high = range bet for a small size like 1/4

**-842r:** Do I have any medium strength hands here? Not really, either I have TT-AA which are essentially the nuts, or broadways like AK AQ AJ KQ JT(...) = I'm now betting polarized = big bet 1/2 to 3/4.

# 2-The second question is about equity.

**Equity:** The percentage chance that a player will win a hand, assuming all players go to showdown. Equity can be calculated in multiple ways, such as: hand vs hand, hand vs range, or range vs range.

If we start to bet too big on drawy boards like J98fd, villain will fold all his low pairs and only call his high equity hands like flushdraws and/or straightdraws. It means that our equity when getting called has decreased a lot with AA because we made him fold 44 and only call his best draws. Therefore, you should bet 1/4 on J98fd so you don't isolate yourself against better hands.

Let's now take for example T52r, if we bet big, our opponent will still have to call hands like Tx, 99 88 5x ... because he doesn't have any draw to call with. AA has high equity against this calling range, therefore, you can bet big (2/3).

## And that's why: 

-T72r: 2/3
-T72fd: 40%

With our value region, we want our opponent to call 99 100% in both scenarios, so our equity remains good. In order to make him call 99 on T72fd, we need to bet 40%. If we bet bigger, he can start folding profitably and only call draws.

| Board | Big bet                                          | Small bet |
| ----- | ------------------------------------------------ | --------- |
| JT7fd |                                                  | ✓ (1/4)   |
| K72r  |                                                  | ✓ (40%)   |
| T54r  | ✓ (2/3)                                          |           |
| T54fd |                                                  | ✓ (40%)   |
| 458r  | ✓ (but you should XB since villain doesn't lead) |           |
| QT2fd |                                                  | ✓ (1/4)   |
| T85fd |                                                  | ✓ (40%)   |
| T85r  | ✓ (2/3)                                          |           |

