
NL5 plays exactly like NL2, only that there are slightly more regs. The regs play the same, the fish play the same, just focus on the fish and avoid the regs.

When I write stats like a player with 28-21-7-45  356 it means:
28VPIP,21 PFR,7 3-bet, 45 ATS over 356 hands

## NL 5 play &explain

Before his session, nevir labelled the nits vs the regs,
when he sees the regs on the table yet to act he opens tight, and against the nits open wide

Hand 1:
Nevir is on the sb with Ad4c, a reg with 67% ATS opens from BU, nevir 3-bet him saying this guy has too many shitty hands and won't 4-bet as frequently as he should. Villian folded.

Hand 2:

Nevir opens 9h6h from CO, BB with 25-3-1 (that's right,1% 3-bet) after 1170 hands 3-bets small to 6.5BB, nevir says that villian has KK+ (1% 3-bet) but he will still be calling since the implied odds are good and the playability of the hand,
flop 7h7d8d BB B30, nevir calls saying- I never raise since villian never folds, I just want to realize my equity
Turn Jh B50/C
River Tc BB checks, nevir said - i don't think he will fold, went all in, got called by QQ.

Hand 2:
Nevir called UTG open as BB with QcTc vs LJ open.
Flop Ks5s3d X/X
Turn 4h Nevir bet 3.6BB (pot was 4.8BB), LJ snap-called
River Qh, Nevir bet 3BB on a 12BB pot for value (vs middling pockets like 66,77,88,99,TT,JJ,A5s etc), LJ called with TT

Hand 2: Nevir opens 7d6h from sb, BB calls.
Flop comes 2dQdJs X/X (if he will check back i will put pressure)
turn 9h nevir bets 3BB into 4BB, BB called
River 8h "it's scary, the T makes a straight" nevir tanks "should i bluff i guess i will bluff" bets 7.6BB into 10BB, BB snap-folds



Hand 3:
Co opens, sb calls, Nevir in BB with QsTc folds -"In these spots you should be tight, try to have squeeze or fold strategy, QTo isn't good enough"

Hand 3: BU limps, Nevir checks 3h2c,
flop 5h5d6h X/X 
Turn Kd nevir: "I think I will bluff since i have the worst hand possible", bets 1.8BB into 2.5BB, BU snap-folded

Hand 3: 
Nevir is BU with 9d6h, nits are on SB and BB, nevir opened (unfortunately sb 3-bet but it's a profitable spot to open WIDE).

Hand 3: Nevir opened QdJc from HJ,BU called.
Flop 4h3h9s, "i will check range, if he checks flop i will just overbluff", villian bets 2.6BB into 5.4BB pot, nevir folds saying that if he has a heart in his hole cards he could check/call or check/raise

Hand 3: 

Nevir opened Th7s against two nits, they both folded

Hand 3: 
Nit opened HJ, Nevir called 8s5s on the BB,
Flop comes Kd4sAs Nevir checks, CO bets 1.4BB, Nevir called.
Turn 9c X/X
River Td, Nevir: "I just have to bluff because I have 8-high" - bet 5.4BB into  7.2 BB pot "he's going to fold 77/JT", the nit called with TT (a set) :D

Hand 3: 
Nevir opened As2h vs two tight players, sb called BB called.
Flop Ac2c6h,X/X/ Nevir bet 1.6BB into the 6BB pot, SB X/R to 6.2BB Nevir: "I still need to be careful, he can have A6/66/22"
Turn Jc sb bets 8BB into 18.4BB nevir called ("I will called twice and if he bets on the river i will just fold"),
River 8h,
sb bet 11.4BBs into 34.4BB,
Nevir: "that sucks because i have a really good price, but I really think it's Ad6d but it's 1/3 pot, they sometimes do random stuff",sigh called, sb showed same hand (Ad2d).

Hand 3:

Nevir opens KsTc from LJ(2-3 nits on the table), BB called.
Flop comes 7dJ6hd goes X/B50/C ('this texture you should bet bigger').
Turn Qh,BB X, Nevir went 18.4BB into 9.6BB pot ("I have a really good hand to bluff because I don't block diamons and the hearts,let's say he has 8h7h he calls twice and then folds the river") so the plan was to bluff river, but then BB X/R to 56BB :D nevir folded-not enough equity to call and bad implied odds (Ah gives him a straight but might give villian a flush)


Hand 4:
BU opens, Nevir calls from BB with KcQs
Flop comes JcJd6c, nevir checks and says "I have a good hand to X/R" BU B33, Nevir X/R X3 BU folds "I only want him to folds random stuff to deny equity like QhTh"

Hand 4: Nevir has AsTc in BB calls vs HJ nit open.
Flop Ac9c2d X/B30/C
Turn 6s X/B50/C (pot 15.2BB)
River 6c X/B19.8BB/ nevir folds ("we just fold because people don't bluff, he's never bluffing here")

Hand 5:
Nevir opens 5d3h on the BU vs two nits,BB calls.
Flop comes Jd8dTc X/B33/C
Turn Kc, nevir said he will bet the turn and if called the river, because there are many hands he will call turn fold river like J9/98/T9. Nevir bet B75 and BB folded.

Hand 6:
HJ opens, Nevir calls the BB with Qd5d.
Flop comes Jh7d6d X/X
Turn Js, nevir: "He checked back so he's pretty capped, I'm going to bet twice", Bet 3.4BB into 4.4BB, Villian snap called. 
River 8c, nevir overbet x3 pot targeting 99/TT/AK, villian snap folded

Hand 7:
Nevir opens JhTd from HJ, BB minclicks, Nevir 4-bet to 18 BB saying "I don't think that when he has AA/KK he 3-bets like this", villian snap folded

Hand 8:
Nevir opens KhQs from CO, sb calls.
Flop 9s6h3h X/B30/C
Turn As X/ Nevir B150 "I guess I will bluff on the A,especially blocking the hearts and spades-when there's a spade or a heart on the river I might bluff"

Hand 9: 
a nit opened from HJ, Nevir folded 88

Hand 10:
a nit (26-16-6) opens from HJ, Nevir 3-bets with JcTc

Hand 11:
Nevir opens 3c2d from sb vs a nit on BB, BB calls.
Flop comes KhJs9c, X/X "I will check and when he checks back I will put pressure"
Turn 4s Nevir B100, BB folded

Hand 12:

Nevir opens from CO with JdJc to 2BB, sb 3-bets to 7BB, even though villian is aggressive (20-18-13 over 340 hands) he decided to call. 
Flop comes Kc7h5d "I will call at least twice", villian bet 7.6 into 15BB, nevir called
Turn Ah X/X ("I think I check but I think I lose most of the time").
River 9c X/X villian shows KsJh
"This guy definetly 3-bets too much, so next time when this guy 3-bets I will try to 4-bet more"

Hand 13:
A tight player (24-16-6 with 30ATS over 219 hands) open from CO, 
Nevir 3-bet 5h4h ("54s is a good hand to 3-bet,especially against nits"),villian folded

Hand 14:
LJ opened, BU called, Nevir squeezed with AhQh

Hand 15:
Nevir opened AcTh from HJ, sb calls BB calls
Flop comes 9h8s3c BB donks for half pot (3BB into 6BB),  "I don't think he donks premiums like sets/two pair", raises to 12BB, BB calls.
Turn 2d, X/Nevir B75 (22.6BB into 30BB) "He could also call with worse, like 76/JT", Villian folded
"I think you should put pressure vs small donks"

Hand 16:
sb limped, nevir raised on the bb to 5BB with A5o, sb calls.
Flop 7c6c2s sb leads for 2BB (20% pot), nevir called
Turn 7s sb bet 4BB into a 15BB pot, nevir "I think I have to call again"
River 6s sb bet 6BB into 23.4 "Those small bets are extremly overbluffed and I can have the best hand a lot of the time, he's going to show me random stuff" Villian showed QsJc

Hand 17:
Nevir with Kd2d : "K2s you should open in theory but there's a reg in the sb" - folded

Hand 18:
Nevir opens Jc2d as sb  vs a tight player in the BB (23-18-5-41 324), BB calls.
Flop comes 9d2dkc Nevir bet 1.4BB into 5BB, BB raises to 5BB, Nevir said "I can either 3-bet or call, you know what let's give it (3bet) a try" and 3-bet to 15BB, BB folded

Hand 19:
Nevir opens 8d8h from BU, SB (22-19-13-30 5500) 3-bets to 10.4BB, "This guy 3-bets and he's aggressive, I guess I'm going to 4-bet", Nevir 4-bet to 24.8BB, villian folded

Hand 20:
Nevir opens Ad9s from CO, BU calls, SB calls

Flop comes 9d,7c,2d, sb X, nevir X, BU(tagged as a fish) bets 3BB into 7BB, Nevir x/r to 12.8BB, saying "I have a good top pair, I should have the best hand a lot of the time,and he can call worse. The Ad is good", Turn 2h, Nevir bet 26 into 32, villian called.
River Kc, "I think I'm still value betting, I'm going to Jam quick", villian snapped him with AsJc (nothing). "That's why you guys should bet"

Hand 21:

Nevir opens KcKh from LJ, BU 3-bets to 6.4BB, BB calls, Nevir 4-bets to 22BB, BU calls, BB calls.

Flop comes Ad6s3d X/X/X nevir "It's not the best flop :)"
Turn Ac, Nevir thinking about a BBJ (in case a third A will come and they have QQ/JJ/TT), Bets for value 17BB into 66BB pot, BU folds BB calls.
River 3h, Nevir: "I really think he has QQ/JJ/TT so I'm going to bet again, if he shoves he has AQ (and then of course nevir will fold)" Bet 20BB into 100BB, BB called with 44

Hand 22:
Nevir opens Qd9h from BU, a nit BB calls.
Flop comes 8s2s7d X/B50/C
Turn Ts X/B50/C Pot is 20BB
River 7h, Nevir: "He shouldn't have too many flushes and full houses, name one full house that doesn't x/r the flop. T7? Let's give it a try", bets 65BB into 20BB, BB snap-folds

Hand 23:
a nit sb limps, Nevir from BB with Qc2h makes it 6BB, sb folds.

Hand 24:
a player with 28-21-7-45  356 opens the sb, Nevir with Jd7h 3-bets(!) sb folds

Hand 25:
sb (tagged as nit) opens from SB, Nevir flats with Ks2s
Flop comes 2c7c6h, sb bets 1BB into 4BB, nevir: "Let's raise why not" and makes it 5.6BBs, sb folds.

Hand 26:
Nevir opens KdJs from SB vs a BB reg, the BB calls.
Flop comes JhJd2d, Nevir bets B20, BB calls pot is 9.2BBs.
Turn 6h, Nevir: "It's a good line to check,Let's say he floated QT, he's going to start bluffing on the turn" went X/X
River 7h, Nevir: "He checked back the turn so he has some A-high and 2x, I need to find a sizing where he calls me with this range", bets 4.6BB into 9.2BB, got snapped by 55

Hand 27:
CO opens for 2BB, nevir flats as BB with 7h3h
Flop comes 9d8d6d X/X
Turn Qc: "When this guy checks back I will bluff" bets 3BB into 4BB, CO snap folds

Hand 28:
Nevir opens Td9d, bb calls
Flop comes Tc7c4c Nevir: "This texture should be checked back a lot, i can bet since they don't x/r enough", BB X, Nevir bets B33 (1.4BB), BB X/R to 2.4BB nevir calls
Turn 7s, BB bets 7.2BB into 9.2BB, nevir calls saying "I think I'm going to call twice, let's say he has Ac5h, I think he always checks the river because they just don't bluff enough on the river".
BB bets 18BB into 24BB,Nevir folded

Hand 29:

Nevir opens KcKs as LJ, sb calls BB calls.
Flop comes 6h3c7h, X/X/X
Turn Kd X/X/? Nevir bets 4BB into 6BB, sb (350BBs deep effective) X/R to 18BBs,BB folds, Nevir 3-bets to 49.6BB ("I think  he's going to have a lot of sets,and he's going to have a lot of good flushdraws"), sb calls. River 2h X/? Nevir: "Let's say he has 54s,he would fast play on the turn that deep, so now when he calls I think he has a lot of sets, and he's going to call, or when he has a flush, he just jams,also i think flushes would sometimes donk", bets 35BBs into 105BBs, sb called with 66.

Hand 30:
HJ opens, Nevir 3-bets with KhJh
Flop comes Js3c2h, HJ X, Nevir B50 and explains:
"Main theoretical size in B75, but I prefer to bet smaller with my value, because I want him to call with his weaker range like 88,99 which I don't want him to fold, they overfold vs B75 and continue with a strong range that includes QQ/AJ, if I had a bluff like KQ i would always bet B75,it's unbalanced but it works for low stakes"

Hand 31:
Nevir opens 5h4h from LJ, BB calls.
Flop comes 4dJc9h X/B33/RX4 Nevir says that this is a reg and calls ("I think I should call with the bd flush").
Turn Qs X/X
River Js:
BB X, "I should probably bluff, vs T9/A4 etc", nevir bet 18BB into 24BB, BB folded

Hand 32:
Nevir opens KhKs from HJ, sb and bb call.
Flop comes KcTd2h X/X/B33/sb calls BB folds
Turn Ad X nevir bets 7BB into 9.2BB, sb calls.
River 9c, sb X, Nevir: "I think he has a lot of AQ/AJ and I think that if I bet big they don't like to fold", bets 34BB into 23BB, sb X/R all in to 198BB, Nevir: "Wow.....people don't bluff here yeah", SB shows AcJh, Nevir "Yes, against this guy i lose money but against 95% of the population I'm saving a lot of money there on the river", took a note on this specific player that he overbluffs blockers

Hand 33:
Nevir opens AdQd from HJ, BU calls.
Flop comes KsTsTh X/X
Turn 7h "Here I think I should bet. If he has 55 he will fold, if he has AJ he will call"-so better hands call and worse fold.

Hand 34:
Nevir opens Qc8c from sb, BB 3-bets small to 7BB, Nevir calls
Flop comes Jh4d3s X/X
Turn 5h Nevir bets 10.6BB into 14BB, BB calls.
River 8h Nevir bets 5BB into 35BBs "and if he raises that could be interesting"
BB raises to 28BBs, "When he checks back and calls the turn he has a lot of AK/AQ", Nevir calls,
BB shows Qh5c
