## NL2 Play & Explain


In this video Nevir (the course instructor) will focus on the following exploits:
- Open wider than GTO
- 3-bet tighter + mergier than GTO in most spots
- 3-bet wider than GTO BvB + BB vs BTN
- Overfold against 3-bets
- 2x open from every position


Nevir went through the players first, and took some notes.
For example, he found a guy 3-betting 7% after 300 hands so he tagged him as a nit, and another guy with ATS of 95%, so he opens range from CO/BU/SB -> Nevir will 3-bet range vs this guy

Hand 1:
Opened 76o from sb vs a nit BB. Nit snap folded, Nevir said, that's what you're looking for, the snap folds from my opponents, and I'm going to steal the blinds a lot, and this is how I will increase my win rate, but i need labels (nit), I don't want to open wide all the time

Hand 2: 

Opened 73o against a nit bvb, flop came Jh8c5c, he said he will be checking range,and everytime they check back he put pressure. Turn Qc, he bet 3BB into 4BB, BB called. River 8s, Nevir went huge (50BB into 10BB), villian snap folded

Hand 3: 
HJ opens, nevir called with Tc9c
Flop came Ts3s4d, nevir X his opponent bet B33,nevir went x4 for denial/value vs this range bet

Hand 4: 
Limped pot, CO limped, Nevir in BB with 6s2d
flop came Qh7h4h, went X/X, Nevir said that he will apply pressure after villian checks, and on turn 4d, nevir bet 2BB into 2.5BB and villian folded

Hand 5:
Nevir opened QsTs UTG, a nit from BU 3-bet,BB called, Nevir said that this type of hand will be too dominated and folded

Hand 6:
HJ Opens, Nevir with 88 3-bet, sb cold 4-bet Nevir folded

Hand 7:
 KdJd as LJ vs BU. BU is a whale and plays 74% of hands.
 Flop As6d4d went X/B50/C. Nevir said that he's good here most of the time as the whale has many shitty hands, turn 4h X villian bet B75/C river 9c X/X villian had Jh9s

Hand 8:
Nevir 3-bet as sb vs LJ with AsKs, LJ calls.
Flop 5hTc3d X/X (nevir intended to X/R)
Turn Ac B100/C
River 3c,
Nevir said that now he can't jam. He block bet 15BB into 69BB targeting hands like AQ/AJ which are always calling, villian shoved, Nevir folded:
"Think about it, what does he have when he calls. He has top pair which are never shoving river, he has flush draws, so it's a really easy fold, he's never going to jam worse here"

Hand 9:
vs a BU with 43% ATS, Nevir 3-bet J9s as sb vs BU

Hand 10:

Nevir 3-bet KQo as SB vs BU.
Flop comes Kd7s5s B33/C, Turn 3h B66/C river Tc ,Nevir went all in(!!).
"You shouldn't be scared to value bet" - got a call by JJ.

Hand 11:

Nevir opens K4s from LJ - shouldn't be an open at equilibrium, but we open wider than GTO in every position


Hand 12: Nevir opened QhTc from LJ, sb calls BB calls.
Flop comes 9s3d2h, x/x/nevir B33, only BB calls.
Turn 4h X/Nevir checked, saying that villian will have so many pair+gutshot/straight/two pair that he's not going to bet
River 6h X/? Nevir said that now that villian checked,does villian have a flush? Nope. Can he have a straight? maybe he could but ....and bet 5x pot (50 BBs into 10BBs),and villian snap folded

Hand 13:
Nevir opened 6d5d as HJ and got 3-bet by a nit. He called saying it's a good hand to flat vs nits.
Flop comes 9d5h2s, he checked intending to either check/call or check/raise, he said he would check/raise more vs B33 as people bet based on their holdings (if he has QQ he would be big, if he has AK he would bet small). Villian bet B33, nevir X/R x3, villian called.
Turn came 3s, Nevir said that he will bet again because villian can still call worse (AK/AQ) and bet B33, villian jammed and he just folded.

Hand 14:
Splashpot (10BB), Nevir has 55 in the BB, his thought process is that since the actual BB is not 10BB, from a stack of 100BB he is now playing 10BBs deep so jamming with 55 when 10BB deep is good.

Hand 15:
Nevir opens QsQd from HJ, BB calls.
Flop comes 9s5s2d, X/B33/ villian XR to x3 by a nit. Nevir flats saying that he can still be ahead but it's concerning. Turn 7h, The nit bets 15BB into 19.5BB pot, Nevir said that he will call the turn, but if villian bets the river he's folding. River came 4s, villian checked, Nevir checked back, villian showed 6c6h (so nevir's preception of the player being a nit was wrong)

Hand 16:
Nevir opens 5s5d from LJ, sb calls BB calls.
Flop comes 6c2dKc, X/X/ Nevir B33, only sb calls.
Turn 7d X/X
River Th villian bets 9BB into the 9BB pot.
Nevir called, the guy has KdJh, he called because he saw that guy doing crazy stuff in the past and he has a tag.

Hand 17:
Nevir opens AhTh from CO, BU calls.
Flop comes 5hTd2s  nevir X (intending to either x/r or x/c of course), villian x back.
Turn Ts, nevir said that once villian checks back turn he most likely has some A-high, so he targeted the weaker portion of villian, B33/C
River 6d Nevir bet 4.5bB into 9.5BB, villian raised to 18.5BB. Nevir only called saying that villian can have sth like 66. Villian has 55 for the full house (he flopped a set and checked back). Nevir took a note - that this villian can check back traps.

Hand 18:
sb opened to 4BB, nevir with AdJs called from bb.
Flop comes JcTs5s, villian bet 3BB into 8BB, Nevir raised to 10BB, villian called.
Turn 8d X/ nevir bet 21BB into 28BB, villian folded

Hand 19: 

CO opens to 2.5BB, nevir has a label on his as someone who opens too wide from late and 3-bet him with 8d6d. He explained that this hand has playability postflop, and so he prefers 3-betting this hand over A8o.

Hand 20:

Nevir with Ac4h folded from CO because the table is fishy and so they can call a lot of domintaing hands like A8o.

Hand 21:

BU opens to 2BB, Nevir with AdTs looked at villian's ATS, it was only 20, so therefore Nevir didn't 3-bet and just folded (villian opens too tight from late positions)

Hand 22:

CO opens
Nevir has Qh8h from BU, CO opens to 3BB, and Nevir actually 3-bet him, since the guy is bad (Nevir has him tagged) and he can call worse vs a 3-bet.

Hand 23:

BU with 44% ATS opens the BU, Nevir 3-bet with KcJh. He said that he would prefer to have J9s because they call too much and don't 4-bet enough, but KJo is okay to 3-bet.
Flop comes 6d4dAd X/X.
Turn 3d Nevir bet 8BB into 23BB ('i don't know whats the best move here'), BU calls.
River Kd, Nevir said that with a d villian will never fold and checked, villian checked back, chopped vs AsQs

Hand 24:
Nevir opened AcTd from BU, sb calls. 
Flop comes 2h4h9s, sb checked, Nevir said that it's okay to start bluffing with this hand, villian would have to fold stuff like KQo (which is good because it has equity against our hand so we deny equity) and call worse like As5s

Hand 25: 
Nevir opened 5h4c from BU, BB calls.
Flop comes 6d3hAd, X/nevir bet B33/C
Turn 8s, X/ Nevir overbet, villian folds

Hand 26:

Nevir opens AcAs from LJ, HJ calls.
Flop comes Qc2s3h, he checks, villian bets 3BB into 5.5BB, Nevir X/R to 12BB saying "It's a bit scary to be honest, because when I X/R 250BB deep it might become a tough spot".
turn comes Jc, Nevir bets 22.5BBs saying "i would like to see a 2 or a 3 on the river",villian folded

Hand 27:
Nevir opened 8h6c from BU as there are two nits in SB and BB. BB calls.
Flop comes AcJh2c X/B30 and villian called, pot is 7.5BB.
Turn Kd, went X/X  
Turn 7d villian bet 6BB into 7.5 Nevir said "if he checked or bluffed small i would have bluffed but actually because he folds so much on the flop, I can just not keep betting because he folds so much on the flop"

Hand 28:
HJ with a 53% VPIP opens , Nevir from CO with Jh9h 3-bet him "This guy is a fish I'm going to try to play against him", villian folded

Hand 29:
AdKh Nevir opens from LJ, BB calls.
Flop comes 3s2s2c, BB checks Nevir bets B33 for value/protection, explaining that BB should X/R hands like 6c4c but they won't, so they don't X/R enough. Turn Js X/X River 9c BB snap bets 6BB into 7.5BB, nevir calls! He said that villian isn't going to bet 55 like this, he can have 54/65. Villian showed QcTh

Hand 30:
Nevir opens AhKd from LJ,  CO with effective stack of 205BB min-3bets to 3BB, nevir 4-bets to 15BBs, saying that he's still going to 4-bet but this deep we need to care. 

Flop comes As3hKh, Nevir bets 8BB into 31.5, CO folds

Hand 31:

Nevir opens AsJd from sb, BB 3-bets to 10BB, Nevir said that it's a good hand to 4-bet, and 4-bet to 24.5BBs,villian folds

Hand 32:
a nit (15vpip) opens from CO, nevir folds 88 from BU.

Hand 33:
Nevir opened AhQc from LJ, BU 3-bet to 6.5BB, Nevir thought about 4-betting but villian had a 3-bet of 3% despite having a VPIP of 31% so Nevir just folded

Hand 34:
sb (50BB stack) opens  to 2.5BB Nevir calls from BB with 8c7d.
Flop comes Qh5h8s X/X SB bets 2BB nevir calls 
Turn 6d SB checkes, Nevir bets for value/protection 3BB into 9BB , sb calls.
River 9h sb checks, nevir bets 5BB into 15BB, targeting villian's weak range like one pair type hands, villian shoved for 42BB total, Nevir thought about it, he said, i don't think he has JT, but I don't think he bluffs, and folded

Hand 35:
Nevir opened Js9s from HJ, BB (a nit,17%vpip) calls.
Flop comes Jc5s3d, BB checks, Nevir B33/C
Turn Td X/? Nevir said "this guy is a nit, I'm going to check turn call river" and checks back
River 8C BB checks, nevir said "I'm almost always good here, he has something like A5/AT or something like that", bet 5BB into 7.5BB, BB called with Kh3h

Hand 36:
Nevir opened to 3BB Qh4s from sb, BB called.
Flop came TcQs4c, Nevir X, BB bet 3BB, Nevir X/R X4 (12BB), villian snap called.
Turn Js, nevir explained that villian can never have 44/TT/QT because those hands at least think about 3-betting the flop. He could have 8s9s/8c9c/Ks9s/Kc9c but nevir anyways bet 25BB into 30BB "If he calls now I think I have the best hand unless he has QJ", villian snap-called again. On the blank river 6h the best action is to check and let villian bluff his missed clubs (or spades) but nevir jammed praying he has exactly JT, but that was because of the limited time bank at ggpoker (he actually payed 1BB by accident there because he wasn't fast enough anyways).

Hand 37:

Nevir flatted QJo as BB, and the board
239K river Q was checked to the river.
Nevir bet his Q for value small, targeting villian A highs.

Hand 38:
Nevir 3-bets to 7BB KcJc from BU vs CO open, sb 4-bets to 19.5BB, nevir looked at his stats (16% 3-bet at 316 hands), said that this guy  looks aggressive and called ,
then folded the c-bet of 14BB into 41.5BB at the 6c5s7s flop

Hand 39:
Nevir opened 8d7d from LJ, BU 3-bets, Nevir folded explaining that when you make a straight there they will have better straights but 54s for example and your straights are way more likely to be good

Hand 40:
Nevir flats as BB TT vs HJ open,
flop comes 8d6c3h nevir X/R the flop (small c-bet) for value/protection.


Hand 41:
sb limps, nevir raised from BB with 7d4s to 5BB - when people limp i should isolate 100% of my range (when I'm in position BB vs SB)

Hand 42:

Nevir opens 5h3s from sb vs a nit BB.
Flop comes 2hQd7d X/X
Turn Qh Nevir Bet 2.5BB into 4, BB called
River 6c, Nevir said that he thinks he should overbet - villian almost never has a Q after checking back flop and then only calls the turn -> Nevir bet 27BB into 8BB. Villian snap-folded

Hand 43:
Nevir called QsTs as BB vs LJ.
Flop comes As5d3s X/X
Turn Ks X villian bets 1.5BB into 4.5BB , Nevir said "Now I'm going to X/R massive" which he did (X4.5), Villian snap-folds

Hand 44:
LJ opens to 2.5BB, Nevir in BB with K2s said that vs 2.5x it's mostly a fold, vs 2x it's a call (and he was right!).

Hand 45:
Nevir in BB vs CO limp with KTo, checks back "I'm not going to isolate out of position"

Flop comes Jc9c3d X/X
Turn 6c Nevir bet 2BB into 2.5BB, CO calls.
River Jd ->since villian checked back the flop and only called turn he doesn't have many Jx and flushes ->Nevir went massive with x3 pot. Villian folded.


Hand 46:
BU opens for 2.5BB, Nevir as BB calls with Ts9d.
Flop comes AdQd8d X/X
Turn Ah "I think I can stab here", Nevir bets 4.5BB into 5.5BB,BU folds

Hand 47:
In a 4-bet pot Nevir as the pfr hit s a set of Q on AQ9r vs a fish. His preferred strategy is to bet small to induce. He bet small. On the turn 6c he checked back, "why not". Villian shoves with JdTd on the 6h river :)

Hand 48:
Nevir 3-bet JsJh vs a LJ open, LJ calls.
Flop comes As3hKs, nevir bet 25% (it's bet range on this texture) villian calls.
Turn 5d nevir said it's ok to give up on this turn because he blocks the bluffs- the QJ/JT, the spades. On other turns like 9s we can turn this hand into a bluff.

Hand 49:
SRP nevir calls as BB with 9dTc. Flop comes JdTh9s, sb X, nevir B33 sb calls.
Turn Jh, Nevir said that now it sucks because villian's Tx will have a better kicker than his X/X
River 3s villian bet 7.5BB into 10BB, nevir said he needs to call the river because villian will have enough  Kx (random gotshots),Qx (straight draws) that missed. Nevir called villian had AJ

Hand 50:

Nevir opens KdTd from BU, BB 3-bets to 7BB, too small, nevir calls.
Flop TsQd3d, B50/C (when calling nevir said, I'll call once but it's not a great spot)
Turn As, Nevir said that if villian checks he would have bet (turned his hand into a bluff), villian B75 Nevir folded

Hand 51:

Nevir opens QhJc from HJ, BU calls.
flop comes QsQd5d Nevir X, BU bets 4.5BB, Nevir calls
Turn 4h, X/BU bets 1BB, Nevir X/R to 8.5BB, BU calls.
River As: Nevir bet small (10.5BB) to target villian's weaker range, villian called with Ad4d.

Hand 52:
Nevir opens As9s from LJ, Bu calls BB calls.
Flop comes Ts7c4c X/X/X
Turn 6s, checks to Nevir. "I need to find a sizing that makes 33 to snap fold but KsQs etc to call".
Bets 5.5BB into 6BB - makes them call worse hand fold better hands

hand 53:
Nevir opens as sb JcTs BB calls.
Flop comes KdKs3d B30/C
Turn 5s Nevir: "Should I keep bluffing? I guess I should i'm not winning as showdown" bets 7BB into 9BB, BB calls. River Jh, Nevir thought if he should value bet his J on the river, he decided to bet 6BB int 25BB, BB folded and showed 5d.

Hand 54:
Nevir opened AdKh from LJ, BU calls, BB calls.
Flop comes Ts8s3c X/X/X
Turn 5h BB bets 3.5BB into 6.5BB, nevir raises to 18BBs. Why? he remained uncapped on the flop, it can make worse hands like Jh9h to call and better hands like 66 to fold.
River As, BB donks for 14.5BBs to a 45BB pot, Nevir tanks, I'm never good here and folds!

Hand 55:
Nevir opens KcJc from CO, BU (21-15-9) 3-bets to 6.5BBs, Nevir 4-bets to 29BBs, BU folds

Hand 56:
Nevir debated what to do with KQo vs LJ open and BU call, he thought about squeezing from BB but in the end he just folded(!).

Hand 57: 
a 59/29/62 fish opened LJ, nevir 3-bet to isolate the fish with QsTs from BU, sb cold calls, fish folds. Flop comes Jd5d4s, X/ nevir B33 sb folds

Hand 58:
Nevir opens from LJ with AhJs, HJ calls. Flop comes AdJc3d X/X
Turn 9s nevir B75 he snap called
River nevir bet 22BBs into 14.5BB, villian shoved all in for 119.5BB, nevir folded and said villian is most likely good here, probably 99/T8s, so vs a raise after an overbet Nevir folds a shit-ton

Hand 59:
Nevir opens 9d8d from CO, BB calls.
Flop comes Jd9c5c nevir bets B33 - in theory this is probably a frequent check back but because they don't x/r enough I can bet more frequently, villian calls
Turn 7d - Nevir bet again(!) 4.5BB into 7BB saying: "Now i will bet again, I will get called by worse and deny some equity like KhTh,it's a good bet because i have so much equity and can get called by worse". River a blank he checked back and won vs a missed A-high flush draw

Hand 60:
Nevir has JhJs from CO, he opens, sb(30-21-9 with ATS 50) 3-bets to 9BB, Nevir calls.
Flop comes Qd7h4h sb bets 6.5BB Nevir calls
Turn Qc X Nevir bets 16BB into 32BB, sb calls.
River Jd sb checks, nevir shoves all in, sb folds

Hand 61:

Nevir opens 7s6s from CO, BB calls.
Flop comes KsJcTs X/B33/C
Turn 3h X/? Nevir: pretty good turn,I can overbet because he would x/r most of his AQ/Q9.
Nevir bet 11.5 into 7.5BB villian folds

Hand 62:

LJ opens, nevir calls with 44 as BB.
Flop 7s7h2d, X/LJ bets B33 nevir: I can x/r for value/protection. He's going to call worse hands like AK/AQ, fold some equity, and when he has TT+ we have two clean outs to make the nuts

Hand 63:
Nevir opens AdQd from LJ to 2BBs,  CO 3-bets to 8BBs (big sizing), Nevir flats.
Flop comes 97hd2s X, CO bets 8BB into 17.5BB, Nevir: "Yeah I think that AQ x/r sometimes, you don't need to go big", x/r to 20.5BB,villian calls. 

Turn Jh, Nevir gave up intending to X/F (there are bluffs with more equity) but villian checked back 

River Qc, "Now I don't know what to do, i should have the best hand to be honest", and then he said villian has TT,T9,98 and this type of hands have decent blockers (to the nuts) and can hero call, so he went huge (88BBs on 58BB pot). Villian called with 9h8h
