## NL 10 play &explain

The first thing that Nevir did was to tag the players in the pool for 10 minutes (reg, nit,aggressive player, this guy opens too wide from late etc).

When i write a player's stats like 25-17-0-36 193 it means 25vpip,17 pfr,0 3 bet, 36 ATS over 193 hands

Hand 1:
a tight player (25-17-0-36 193) opens from BU, Nevir calls with Ad9c as BB.
Flop comes Kh6h8d, X/B50, nevir: "if he bet 1/3 i would call but when they size up i feel like their range is going to be stronger"

Hand 2:
Nevir has Ac8d from LJ, the table has 3 nits, he opens this hand! "If there are a lot of nits I will open A8o even from UTG", HJ calls, flop comes AsKs3d X/ HJ B33/C Turn 7c X/X river 2h "Let's bet small and try to get called by worse" B33

Hand 3:
Nevir 3-bets AsJs from SB vs HJ open, HJ calls.
Flop comes Tc8c3d "Here I think you should bet big or check and I think AJ checks especially against a nit and if he checks back I will apply pressure" flop went X/X
Turn 7s Nevir bet 20.3BB into 23BB, villian calls. "The 7 isnt the best obviously,he could have 99,"
River 6d pot is 63.6BBs "ah it's just the worst runout,the 7 gave me a gutshot anyway and I could put pressure on AK/AQ but not on this runout" X/X villian has JcJd

Hand 4:
a player who opens too much from late (30-25-6-55 4900) opens from BU,
nevir with 7d6c 3-bets

Hand 5:
Nevir opens 4d4c from HJ, SB 3-bets to 8BBs, Nevir calls (the 3-bet sizing was too small).
Flop comes TdThTs B33/C pot is 29BB, Turn X/? Nevir said "I don't think he will fold AK/AQ so I bet for value" bets 21.8, villian folds

Hand 6:
Nevir calls KdQc as BB sv BU.
Flop comes 3d4d5d x/x
Turn 7d "He checked back I will just bet" Bet 3.4BB into 4.5BB villian called
River Ad "I think I bet small i really big. Let's say that he has JT with a diamond, I don't think he will fold, people don't like to fold a flush on the river", bet 18BBs into 11.3BB.

Hand 7:
LJ opens, Nevir calls as BB with Ac6c
Flop comes 4d7h9s X/X
Turn 2s "To be honest I think we can even stab this, he will fold AK/AQ/AJ. So you shouldn't think 'Oh, I have A-high, I have SDV,I can check', because think about it, if he had a worse hand than A6 like JT,KQ,KJ he would probably bet at some point, which means that when you go to showdown you lose most of the time with A6, you almost never win at showdown, so there's no reason to try to go to showdown"

Hand 8:
BU(reg stats) open as BU, nevir calls as BB with 5s5h.
Flop comes As8c9d, X/BU B33, nevir "You can X/R why not, people will c-bet too much i think, and they won't be calling as they should, like he should be calling KcQc here and I don't think they call KQ", BU calls.

Turn 4c "And now it's an ok hand to bluff and I think on a club river I will keep bluffing" bets 18.3BB into 18.3BB pot, BU folds

Hand 9:
CO opens, nevir 3-bets with JsJc, CO calls.
Flop comes 2sQs5d, "So here I think you can B33 on the Q high board with fd" B33/C
Turn Th X/X (pot is 37.5BB)
River 6h "So here I think I will have the best hand always unless he has QJ/KQ", Bets small (12.4 into 37.5BB), CO snaps with AQ "he misses so much value, that's such a bad play by him he's such a nit"

Hand 10:
Nevir 3-bet  6d6c as BU vs CO open,gets 4-bet and folds

Hand 11:
Nevir opens Tc7d vs two labeled nits.
BB calls.

Flop comes 3h6c2h X/B33/C "if he just calls im just going to try to bluff"
Turn 9h "I will try to ice-skate when there's a flush you can't bet too big, I will bet half pot, if he calls i will overbet the river" X/B50/F

Hand 12:
Nevir opens 9d7d as BU, BB calls.
Flop comes AsKs4d, X/? "Here you should bet big on AK4 but they will make more mistakes vs a small bet, for example they can fold 55 here whereas in theory he should always call 55" (Note to myself- this is just not true, 55 is indifferent almost always folds without a spade like 91% of the time) Nevir B33/C

Turn 9h X/?
Nevir: "Now the question is, do i turn my 9 into a bluff, and I think I will, if he actually calls 55 on the flop then I can try to go to showdown and sometimes I win" Bets 10.4BB into 6.9BB, "but if he folds 55 on the flop, then my 9 isn't good enough to go to showdown,but having a 9 is good because I block value hands like A9/K9/99, and i also have equity eg when the river is 9/7 I win most of the time, so when you turn a pair on the turn it's actually a good bluffing card for you, especially those low cards because you're never winning at showdown, but it means this turn is just equity"

Hand 13: 

Nevir opens AcKs, a nit calls on BB,

flop Ad3d5h, flop action goes X/B33/RX4/C
Turn B75 nevir folds: "It's a clear fold, if you think about it, on the flop he has either two pair/set/flush draw so once the flush gets there and he bets big you should fold, and that's because when they x/r the flop they are too much equity driven,eg they will never x/r there 4h3h which should at some frequency, so always fold when they x/r and the main draw gets there on the turn,just because they don't x/r enough hands on the flop"


Hand 14:

BU opens to 2BB,
sb (43-30-17-50 250) 3-bets to 7BB, nevir as BB with AcJc: "This guy 3-bets wide, I'm going to cold 4-bet, I don't need to cold 4-bet too big" 4-bets to 19BB,they both fold

Hand 15:
Nevir opens JTo as CO, BU(43-30-17-50 250) 3-bets, nevir folds: "I need to care not to open too wide when this whale is in position to me"

Hand 16:
Nevir opens 8h7h from HJ, BB calls.
Flop comes AsTc5c X/B33/C
Turn Kc "I will bet half pot,if he just calls I will definitely go big on the river, the best hand he can have is KT but he shouldn't have too many strong hands", Bet x3 pot, BB calls with 7c2c.
Took a note "doesn't raise a small flush vs ice-skating on the turn"

Hand 17:

Nevir opens 2h2d from BU, sb calls.
Flop AcJs9h x/b33/C
Turn Ts X/? Nevir: "I will bet again, turn my 22 into a bluff,", bet 5.7BB into 7BB/C
River 3h X/? "I will just bluff again" Bet 66BB into 19BB pot,sb folded

Hand 18:
Nevir 3-bet KhTh vs sb as BB, got called.
Flop: AsJh6s, X/B33/Rx3/C
Turn 7s sb bet 40BB into 50BB, Nevir: "Here again, if you think about it what does he X/R on the flop? AJ/JJ(if he didn't 4-bet it preflop)/66/A6/flush draws. The flush got there so now you just fold everything-even if I had AK I would fold"

Hand 19:

Nevir opens 4h4d from CO, BU 3-bets to 6BB but they are 200BB deep so this was a smaller sizing than theory, Nevir calls.

Flop comes TcTh2s X/B50 Nevir: "I think I can X/R just because let's say he has all the KQ stuff like that he's just not going to call because we are 200BB deep, so you need to have a lot of X/R on the flop just because let's say you don't X/R this type of hands, you call turn is a 5 goes X/X, river is an A, and he can bluff or value bet and you're going to have to fold, but if you have some X/R for value and protection then he's going to be in a tough spot, he's going to have to fold and you don't let him realize his equity"

Hand 20:

Nevir opens QsJd from HJ, BU flats

Flop is Ks5c6s X/X
Turn 2s nevir bet 4BB into 5.5BB/call
River Jh Nevir bet 3.5 BB into 13.9BB "and if he raises I think I can call actually, if he raises he has a lot of 88/99/TT with a spade, he can have flushes of course but i think that some flushdraws bet on the flop" villian folded

Hand 21:
Nevir open Ad3d from LJ, BU calls.
Flop 9d6dQc X/X
Turn Ts nevir bet 4BB into 5.5BB/call
	River Js "I will bluff I don't think that I need to bet too big", goes 10.5BB into 13.9BB, BU folds

Hand 22:
Nevir opens from HJ KsKd CO flats.
Flop comes KhTh3s X/X
Turn 2h B50/C
River Qd "What does he have when he checks back the flop, calls the turn? Something like 88 so im not going to bet too big, will bet small to induce so calls as well as some raises, if he raises i will snap call"

Hand 23:
Nevir opens KcJh from LJ, BB calls
Flop 9d8h4s, X bU bets 2BB into 5.5BB, nevir: "I guess I can X/R this" X/R X4 BU folds

Hand 24:
Nevir opens AdJd from HJ, CO calls. flop comes 3d4h5c X BU Bets 3BB into 5.5BB nevir calls
Turn 2c, Nevir checks, CO bets 15.3 into 11.5 Nevir: "I will call and if he bets the river I will fold"

Hand 25:
Nevir calls an open from HJ with KhQd,
Flop 6h8c5s X/B30/? "I will call because if the turn is a 4/7/9 I can donk bluff" calls
Turn 3d X/B50 nevir folded

Hand 26:
