## NL 25 play&explain

Hand 1:
Nevir called KdJs from BB vs HJ open.
Flop 4h4s3c X/X
Turn Ac X/X
River 5h X/B60 Nevir folds: "I just don't think this line is bluffed on this runout to be honest"

Hand 2:
Nevir called Ts9h as BB vs HJ, flop comes 5s9sQc X/B33/C
Turn 9d nevir donks for 3BB into 7.4BB, his opponent raises to 9.6BB, nevir calls
River 8h Nevir: "I think on the turn when he raises I cannot 3-bet but now I feel he might check back, I think I donk again, if he raises i fold..probably not GTO", bets 6.6BB into 26.6BB, HJ calls with KdKc

Hand 3:
For 20BB splashpot, nevir limps a garbage hand like Jh4s from HJ(!). 5 players into the flop.
Flop comes QhJc5s checks around
Turn 9c: "I think I can bet this" Bets 10BB into 25BB, SB X/R to 24.9BB, "Now that's concerning and I will think I will just fold right now I don't think that people do this kind of a x/r as a bluff"

Hand 4:
Nevir opens As8c from BU, a fish BB calls.
Flop 8hJdKs X/B33/C
Turn 2h X/X
River 6s B33: "Against a fish I will call, the small sizings are overbluffed and I have pot odds so I don't need to be good there often in order to call" and calls, BB shows Js7c

Hand 5:

HJ fish opens to 2.5BB, nevir 3-bets from SB with AhJd, BB(another fish) cold calls, HJ folds.
Flop comes Js4h4d Nevir bets 9.8BB into 24.5BB, BB calls
Turn 3h Nevir bets 22.7BB into 44.2 BB calls (Pray he has TT/KJ), BB calls
River Kd: "He shouldnt have too many Kx, so I'm just going to shove. While he could have AK/KJ he's a fish and he can have 55 which simply doesnt believe me" nevir goes all in for 56BB into 90BB pot, BB calls with AJ.

Hand 6:
sb limps, nevir as BB opens to 5BB, sb calls
Flop comes Tc8h4d, BB leads for 5BB into 10BB pot. Nevir:"he donked the flop, when people donk it's usually weak, at least in SRP OTF for a small sizing, usually it's weak" Raises to 15BB

Hand 7:
Nevir opens from HJ with TdTc, BU(a fish with 93% VPIP) calls, BB (a nit with 5% 3-bet) squeezes to 12BB, Nevir called only because of the BU fish being potentially in the pot. BU folded :(
Flop comes 7c6s2s X/X
Turn Qc BB bets 10BB into 26.4BB, nevir: "The preflop call from me was bad, I just wanted to play with the fish in the pot,if the nit checked I would think I have the best hand and would bet it for value, as it is now I'm just going to fold, 5% 3-bet in general and he squeezed from BB, he must have a very good hand and if he does have AK he's not going to bluff like that"

Hand 8:
Nevir opens Ad8h from sb, BB calls.
Flop Td7cAc X/X
Turn 4c B33/C
River Ah, Nevir: "He's going to have a lot of J8/J9/K9o with some club" (so he's going to bluff river) X/BB checks back with KcJd

Hand 8:
Nevir opens JhJs to 2BB, BU calls, SB (unknown) squeezes to 9BB, Nevir calls("I don't know what to think about that, because it was a small squeeze. I think call isn't that bad,but I think you should 4-bet or fold most of the time. If he had squeezed to 11-12BB I would 4-bet or fold"), BU calls.
Flop comes 8s6cAd X/X/X
Turn 9s sb bets 9.2BB into 28BB, nevir: "I guess against 1/3 pot I will call once but yeah I can bluff on spades and stuff like that,some 7", BU raises to 37.2BB,fold,fold, nevir:"and this is why you 4-bet or fold and dont call preflop because this guy (BU) is behind and you lose even more money ."

Hand 9:
Nevir opens AsQs to 2BBs, LJ 3-bets to 5.2BB, BB (tagged as fish) cold-calls, Nevir: "I think AQs should be a call but I think i'm going to 4-bet to isloate the fish, the BU will fold TT/AJ/AT/KQ and then I can play against the fish", BU folds, BB calls.

Flop comes 2dTcQc, BB checks, Nevir: "When I made good hands against fish I like to bet small to induce some bluffs. You tank long and you bet small", bet 4BB into 40BB (31 effective),"and if he has 88/Jd8d he will go all in", BB went all in with KdQh

Hand 10:
sb (25-20-10-47 over 228) opened, Nevir 3-bet with Ad4c to 10BB, sb tank 4-bet to 22BB, 

Hand 11:

Nevir opens QhJh from HJ, BU (20-16-12-26 over 561) 3-bets, Nevir:"
This guy 3-bets a lot of hands, and QJs will function better as a 4 bet than a call", 4-bets, BU folds.

Hand 12:
Nevir opens AhKd from sb, BB calls.
Flop 2c7h9d X/X
Turn Jd X/X
river 7s Nevir: "I will value bet vs worse Ax" B25, BB calls with A3o


Hand 13:
Nevir opens Ts8s, a nit calls on BB.
Flop comes 3s6dAs X/B33 BB X/R to 6BB nevir calls
Turn Td BB B75 Nevir calls
River 4c BB B75 Nevir: "against X/R on the flop, bet turn bet river you should def overfold. I would fold AQ here pure"

Hand 14:
BU with 25-21-11-48 over 1554 hands open from BU, nevir 3-bets QsJh from SB, BU folds

Hand 15:
Nevir opens 7c7d from LJ, a nitty CO (19-15-7-33 over 2709) 3-bets nevir calls.
Flop 4c8d9c X CO bets B75 (10BB into 14BB), nevir: "This I think I will fold right away, just because some players will bet small with AK and bet big with JJ/QQ"

Hand 16:
Nevir opens Qc7c from CO, BU calls.
Flop comes 3d7s8d X/X
Turn 9s "I think I can bet, I don't think he has a 8, he has stuff like 66/AT" B75/C
River Qs: "I will bet big here, and if he raises I will just fold" B75 BU folded

Hand 17:
Nevir opens Qs7s from CO, BU calls, BB calls.

Flop comes Jd6cQc X/X/X
Turn 6s X/X/X
River Ad X/X BU(tagged as a fish) bets B33, Nevir: "it sucks but he is a fish, might bluff like 22 for no reason" calls, BU shows 4h3h.

Take a note on this player, bluffs for small size

Hand 18:
Nevir opens Ah8h from HJ, CO (an aggressive player) 3-bets, BU cold-calls.
Nevir: "I will 4-bet because i think i have some fold equity-CO will overfold because he 3-bets aggressively and he's going to fold too many hands and not 5-bet jam enough and BU will overfold as well", both folded

Hand 19:
Nevir opens KdTd from BU, BB calls
Flop Qd9s2c X/B33/C
Turn 3c X/ Nevir overbet (10BB into 6BB) BB folded

Hand 20:

a player who opens too wide from late position opens the BU, SB calls, Nevir 3-bets with 7s7h, they both fold

Hand 21:
Nevir opens Jd7d from LJ (super wide) on a very nitty table (4 nits)

Hand 22:
Splash pot (10BB in the middle), LJ opens to 11BB, Nevir calls the BB with Td7d.

Flop 4dTh3c X/X
Turn 7c Nevir B33, LJ tank-calls.
River 2C, nevir: "I think that with a flushdraw he would call much quicker, I think I will jam-let's say he has JT/88/55/A4s etc he can hero call"

Hand 23:
a player who seems wide (but over a small sample) opens the sb, Nevir 3-bets BB with Tc4c, sb calls.

Flop comes 3c6sAd X/ Nevir: "I think I'm going to bet 33% and not 25% becuase 25% might induce some bluffs", B33/sb snap-calls,
Turn Ks, X/? Nevir: "and now I'm going to bet again and give up the river, I think it's okay, he will fold anything that is not an Ace", Bet 25.5BB into 34BB, sb snap-folded



Hand 24:
Nevir opens 7c6s from sb vs a nit on BB, BB calls.
Flop Qh2h8c X/X
Turn 4c Nevir bets 6BB, BB folds



Hand 26:



