## NL 50 play&explain


When you see stats like 28-21-13-43 over 300 hands  this means:
28 vpip,
21 pfr,
13 3bet%,
43% ATS 
over a 300 hands sample


Hand 1

Nevir opens 3s3c from BU, sb (28-21-13-43 over 300 hands) 3-bets to 10.5BB. Nevir:
"So he seems to be 3-betting aggressively enough and we saw that people overfold when we 4-bet in this position", 4 bets, sb folds.

Hand 2
Nevir calls Kd5d as BB  vs a nit open on HJ.
Flop comes Ad2sh4 X/B33, Nevir: "It's a good spot to X/R I think with gutshot+bd flush", XR X5, HJ calls.

Turn 6h, "Doesn't change anything for my hand but it's good for my range I think"
Bets 28BB into 19BB ("Let's say he has AcTc, it's already not a good spot for him"), HJ calls

River As "And now i have to give up", X/X
Villian shows AcQc "I think AQ on the turn is already in a shitty spot"

Hand 3
a tight sb (16-13-12-13 over 120 hands) open the sb, nevir calls with JhTd.

Flop comes 3cQdJc X/X
Turn 8s sb Bets 5BB into 6BB nevir calls
River 5h sb bet 11BB into 16BB, Nevir: "He seems to be opening really tight, I think it's close.  I think JT has good properties, it's a standard call bvb". Calls. sb shows Ac2c.

Hand 4:
sb limps, nevir isos to 5BB from BB with Ah8s, sb folds

Hand 5:
Nevir opens Ah4h from sb, BB (23-19-8-44 over 1000 hands) 3-bets,
Nevir: "BvB vs a reg, he doesn't 3-bet enough, but I think I can  still 4-bet" 4-bets to 18BB, BB called.

Flop Jh2dTc: "I think I can definitely bet the flop, I'm going to have good turns and river to bluff on" bets 15BB into 37BB, BB folds

Hand 6:

HJ opens, CO calls 
Nevir has JdTd from sb and squeezes to 12.5BB, they both fold.

Hand 7:
a splash pot (10BB).
folds to the BU who limps,
Nevir with Kc3h shoves: "I will jam,I think BU most of the time BU doesn't have a good hand, and BB has any two random cards". All in, they both folded

Hand 8:
Nevir opens Ks8d from BU,
sb (a tight player,25-20-8-41 on 10,000 hands) tanks a lot (7 seconds)-3 -bets.
Nevir: "He tanked fairly long, I'm going to 4-bet him, we saw that BTN vs SB you can 4-bet aggresively", SB tank-folds

Hand 9:
Nevir opens KhQh from LJ, HJ (22-17-10-25 over 900) 3-bets, Nevir 4-bets, HJ calls.

Flop Tc5c3s, Nevir bets 15BB into 37.5BB, HJ calls, pot is 67.5
Turn 7d, X/X
River Th. Nevir: "I don't think he has a T, but if he has JJ/99 I'm not sure if he's going to fold. I will lose to AK/AQ and that sucks, but I think it's ok to give up".
X/X, villian shows AcKd

Hand 10:
nevir as sb opens 5d4c as sb, bb calls.
Flop 8d6sQc X/B50/C
Turn Kc X/X (BB snap checks)
River 2s Nevir bets 7BB on a 8BB pot, BB folds.
"We saw that when BB leads and then it goes x/x turn we can overbluff. That's why I decided not to X/R the flop, against a x/r they don't necessarily overfold but once turn goes x/x they are overfolding"

Hand 11:
LJ opens(a reg),
HJ 3-bets(28-23-11-54 over 311),160BB effective
Nevir in CO decided to 4-bet KcTc to 22BB:
"I want to 4-bet this time,I 4-bet bigger because we're deeper,as we said, people overfold to 4-bets and don't jam enough"

Flop 2s9cQd X/nevir bet 12BB into 48BB, HJ folded

Hand 12:

Nevir opens Qc6c from BU, BB (a reg,26-21-11-49 over 1700) 3-bets, Nevir:
"I think I'm going to do it over and over again (4bet) against reg, he seems aggressive and he knows I open too much" Nevir 4-bet , BB snap-folded

"I think that your main exploit at NL2/NL5/NL10 will be to open wide and overfold to a 3-bet,but as you move up I think a really big exploit will be 4-bet at a high frequency"

Hand 13:
Nevir opens AhQc from CO, BB calls.
Flop 5h6h9h X/B33/C
Turn Qd X/B75/C
River 6s X/B75/F -Nevir's hand is ahead of BB's calling range which can be some pairs, worse Qx etc. Value bet this river!

Hand 14:
Nevir calls AsTc from BB vs CO open.

Flop comes QcKh8s X/B33/Rx4 "I think when I X/R he's definitely going to overfold so I might not need to bluff the turn. "
Turn 7s X/X
River Th "Maybe I should bluff this river, he's going to show me QJ" X/X
Villian shows Kd5d "Maybe I could put more pressure on the river, but I think on the flop they are going to c-bet range and overfold"

Hand 15:
BU with 24-19-10-44 opens BU, Nevir 3-bets with 8h4h, BU folds

Hand 16:
Nevir opens 9s8s from BU, sb (24-19-10-44 on 1300) 3-bets to 10BB, Nevir: "This guy seems aggressive,let's 4-bet again" raises to 22BB, sb calls. 

Flop Kd7d6c X/B25/C
Turn 5c X/? Nevir: "This is really disguised. On a double flush board, I will bet again", Bet 27.6BB into 69BB, sb calls.
River Ad, sb shoves on the 124pot for 53BB, Nevir calls ("It sucks but he might raise some flushdraws on the flop"), sb shows 9d9c

Hand 17:
a reg opens from CO, nevir 3-bets KcJd from BU, CO calls.
Flop comes 2s7d4c X/ nevir: "This is a big bet board", B75, CO calls.
Turn Qh X/B50 "I bet big the flop, I can second-barrel on overcards" /C
River Ts X/ "and I think because it's overfolded on the flop and the turn I will just give up" checks back, villian shows TcTd

Hand 18:
Nevir opens Ad8d from SB, BB calls.
Flop KdKs9d B 1BB/ R to 3.5BB nevir: "I can def call, I'm ahead of all the QT/QJ/QT/ random Jh8h"/Call

Turn 2d X/ Villian Bet 16.5 into 11BB , Nevir: "Now i have to call, I can still be ahead, and when he has JT he will most likely give up the river".

River Th "but T sucks, when he has QJ he hit a straight, when he has JT/QT he his a pair" X/B70BB/fold

Hand 19:

Nevir opens KsTs from HJ, BU (a reg,27-23-14-45 over 4000) 3-bets 183BB deep, nevir: "This guy i will 4-bet, becuase we are deep I will make it 27BB" 4-bets to 27BB, BU folds

Hand 20:
Nevir opens As8c from CO, BB (a reg) calls.
Flop 7d6h9h X/X
Turn 7c BB overbets 5.6BB into 4BB, Nevir calls.
River 6d Bets 5.5BB into 15.8BB, nevir: "I think that I have a decent hand to call, I don't think he bets 9x like this", calls, BB shows Qh5h

Hand 21:
Nevir calls a BU open with AsJd

Flop Jc8cQd X/X
Turn 3c B2.2BB/C
River X/villian B75, nevir: "He checked back the flop, called the turn, bet big the river, he always has a flush here because he's calling flush draws on the turn. He needs to turn 77 no club into a bluff and I don't think that's happening" folds

Hand 22:
Nevir opens Kc7c from LJ, CO calls.
Flop 2h2d3h X/X
Turn 8h "he checked back he's really capped, will bet some flush draws on the flop", B75/snap call
River Jc "And I think I will overbet as a bluff. I think he's going to have a lot of pocket pairs, ATo with A heart," Bet 21BB into 14BB, CO snap folds

Hand 23:
BU(nit fish) opens, nevir calls AsJs on BB.
Flop comes Td9dQs X/B33/"I think this might be a good hand to xr, but I think that if I x/r and he jams I cannot call"/calls.

Turn 
3s X/ BU bets 6BB into 7.6BB, nevir: "Do I want to call or do i want to jam? I think I want to call"

River 8s, "and I think I will lead the river,and hopefully he has a J, it's a bit face up, but if I'm not leading he snap checks back everything, he's never going to bluff, and I should always donk", bets 30BB into 19.8BB, BU folded "maybe i should donk smaller, but since I targeted a J I think it's ok"

Hand 24:
LJ opens, HJ calls, Nevir folds 7c4c from BB


Hand 25:
BU limps, sb limps, nevir opens from BB to 5BB with KhQc, BU calls, sb 3-bets to 20BB, Nevir folds "It's such a weird line that he took (overlimp-raising vs a BU limp and BB open)".

Hand 26:
a reg limps from sb, nevir as BB with 9h4h opens to 5bb, sb limp-raise to 15BB "This doesn't happen often", nevir sent some emojis to induce reg to show his cards and folds, sb shows Kd7h. nevir made a note, limp-raise K7o bvb

Hand 27:
Nevir opens 6c6s from LJ, HJ calls.
Flop 8d7d9h X/B75/C
Turn 5d X/B75/C "It's a bit scary to be honest because when he has a set, he will probably not bet turn"
River Tc X/all in (98BB into 35BB stack), "yeah I will definitely fold this", Nevir folded, "He is never bluffing here, like ever never"

Hand 28:
LJ (nit, 18VPIP) opens, Nevir 3-bet with QdJd, LJ folds

Hand 29:
HJ opens, Nevir called the BB with 9d7dt
Flop 4c8h6d Nevir donks for 1.1BB, HJ calls
Turn Ad, Nevir: "I think I should overbet or check, and I guess with the diamonds overbet is a cool play? Maybe I don't need to, maybe if I'm going to bet smaller he's still going to fold TT/JJ/QQ anyways"

Hand 30:
CO(23/20/8/39 on 165) opens, Nevir with TsTc:
"I think TT is a mix between 3-bet and call, I think he's opening too tight i will just call"
Flop AhTd3s, X/X
Turn "When he checks back I think either he has shitty stuff like 55/low Ax, I don't think he has KJ to be honest, I think I don't get anything if I bet, if he has 55 he will fold or XB anyway, if he has Ax he might bet and then i can X/R"
X/ Bet40/ Rx4/C "I think X/R is good and I think I have the best hand most of the time"/ C

River 2c, Nevir bet 25.6BB into 30BB "I think he will show me A5 a lot...maybe I should have targeted A5 and bet smaller the river to be honest",CO called with Ac6c

Hand 31:
HJ opens, Nevir 3-bet with JsJh, HJ calls.
Flop 2s7s8s X/B50/C (pot is 42BB after those bets)
Turn Qd X/X
River 7d Nevir: "He bet the flop checked the turn, he has something like 99/TT", Bet 17BB into 42BB, HJ called with 6s6d

Hand 32:
sb opens, nevir calls with KhQc as BB
Flop 5s3hJd X, nevir B75, sb folds

Hand 33:
Nevir opens JsTs from sb, BB(27-19-12-39 over 500 hands) 3-bets to 6BB when 150BB deep, nevir:"He 3-bets aggressively, I'm going to 4-bet,JTs is not a 4-betting hand usually, but I think he's too aggressive", BB jams, nevir folded. nevir took a note "3 bets small bvb 150BB deep"

Hand 34:

Nevir opens QsTd from HJ, BB calls.
Flop AdKd2c X/B33/C
Turn 9h X/nevir overbets 10.2BB into 6.8BB, BB snap-folded

Hand 35:
Reg opens from BU, Nevir 3-bet with 9c8c, BU calls.
Flop comes Ts2c6d "You should bet big and I do have a good hand to bet big", bet 17BB into 23BB, BU calls. 

Turn 5c, pot is 57.5BB, effective is 125BB, nevir: "If I bet 40 here and he shoves for 80BB more,I won't have enough equity to make the call, so i prefer to check here"
River 9d (Nevir planned to bluff river if BU checks back turn) X/X BU shows AcKd "I should take a note that he doesn't 4-bet AK here"

Hand 36:
Nevir opens TcTs from BU, BB (22-19-9-39 over 8,000 hands) 3-bets, nevir calls
Flop 9dQh9s X/X
Turn 5d B6.5BB into 19.5BB pot, Nevir calls
River 7h Bet 10.5BB into 32.5BB, Nevir: "I just don't think that's a line where he has bluffs,it really looks like QJ/JJ/QQ trying to induce something but let's say that he had KcJc, doees he want to check the flop, and bet small turn , bet small river as a bluff?! Nope. But when he has 9x,AA/QQ/QJs/JJ check the flop, bet small turn, bet small river for value and trying to induce "

Hand 37:
Nevir opens 9d9c from LJ, BB calls.
Flop Qh4d8d X/B33/C
Turn 3c X/X
River As BB bet 5.1BB into 6BB, nevir: "I think I block the bluffs and I don't think he's going to bluff enough on the A river" fold

Hand 38:
BU, a nit (21-18-7-32 on 14,000 hands) opens BU 200BB effective,
Nevir as BB with AcQd: "to be honest, we are very deep and he opens too tight, I will just call AQo" calls.



