## NL 25 play&explain

Hand 1:
Nevir called KdJs from BB vs HJ open.
Flop 4h4s3c X/X
Turn Ac X/X
River 5h X/B60 Nevir folds: "I just don't think this line is bluffed on this runout to be honest"

Hand 2:
Nevir called Ts9h as BB vs HJ, flop comes 5s9sQc X/B33/C
Turn 9d nevir donks for 3BB into 7.4BB, his opponent raises to 9.6BB, nevir calls
River 8h Nevir: "I think on the turn when he raises I cannot 3-bet but now I feel he might check back, I think I donk again, if he raises i fold..probably not GTO", bets 6.6BB into 26.6BB, HJ calls with KdKc

Hand 3:
For 20BB splashpot, nevir limps a garbage hand like Jh4s from HJ(!). 5 players into the flop.
Flop comes QhJc5s checks around
Turn 9c: "I think I can bet this" Bets 10BB into 25BB, SB X/R to 24.9BB, "Now that's concerning and I will think I will just fold right now I don't think that people do this kind of a x/r as a bluff"

Hand 4:
Nevir opens As8c from BU, a fish BB calls.
Flop 8hJdKs X/B33/C
Turn 2h X/X
River 6s B33: "Against a fish I will call, the small sizings are overbluffed and I have pot odds so I don't need to be good there often in order to call" and calls, BB shows Js7c

Hand 5:

HJ fish opens to 2.5BB, nevir 3-bets from SB with AhJd, BB(another fish) cold calls, HJ folds.
Flop comes Js4h4d Nevir bets 9.8BB into 24.5BB, BB calls
Turn 3h Nevir bets 22.7BB into 44.2 BB calls (Pray he has TT/KJ), BB calls
River Kd: "He shouldnt have too many Kx, so I'm just going to shove. While he could have AK/KJ he's a fish and he can have 55 which simply doesnt believe me" nevir goes all in for 56BB into 90BB pot, BB calls with AJ.

Hand 6:
sb limps, nevir as BB opens to 5BB, sb calls
Flop comes Tc8h4d, BB leads for 5BB into 10BB pot. Nevir:"he donked the flop, when people donk it's usually weak, at least in SRP OTF for a small sizing, usually it's weak" Raises to 15BB

Hand 7:
Nevir opens from HJ with TdTc, BU(a fish with 93% VPIP) calls, BB (a nit with 5% 3-bet) squeezes to 12BB, Nevir called only because of the BU fish being potentially in the pot. BU folded :(
Flop comes 7c6s2s X/X
Turn Qc BB bets 10BB into 26.4BB, nevir: "The preflop call from me was bad, I just wanted to play with the fish in the pot,if the nit checked I would think I have the best hand and would bet it for value, as it is now I'm just going to fold, 5% 3-bet in general and he squeezed from BB, he must have a very good hand and if he does have AK he's not going to bluff like that"

